SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: THE DEMONSTRATION ATTRACTS THOUSANDS IN SPITE OF RAIN

PUBLISHED: 2012/11/11


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

A heavy rain did not stop to thousands of citizens to assure its voices was heard last Wednesday.

An open microphone was installed in the common fields of the city with the loudspeakers installed around the area.  The POK leader Silvia Marek opened to assembly with a short speech that he indicated that the demands of the citizens of Kronos are nonnegotiable, and the civil employees of the government must and immediately unconditional institute a program of the responsibility of the government, proveído of personnel with the people chosen with a international-supervised vote of the citizens of Kronos, and will be responsible for the negligence of the money of the contributor.

With that one, it invited to each one that did its voices heard.

There was shortage of impatient no people to have his opinion.  Histories extended of the qualified workers who were passed over for the works that were given in last instance to a member of the family of an official of the government, to a woman greater than he asked for financial aid after his died husband of the associated disease to contaminated water.  

"They said to Me that [its outside right death] the cost to make business," she said through his tears.



SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: LEAF 2002 OF THE FACT OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH OF ELODIS



PUBLISHED: 2002/05/27


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

The center of the health of the community of Elodis has published an update to the health for all the study made in 1998.  The effects of the hyperactive acid retirement of the substratum (HASR), a technique that perforates controversy continue to ravage the health of the residents of Elodis.  The report detailed soon will be fixed to the municipal Web site of Elodis.

Highlights:

* The index of mortality and the incidence of the chronic disease increased on 178% as of previous years

* The unusually high incidence of the cancer got to be so evident that the minister of the Nespola health designated to specialist from the oncology to the general hospital of Abila.



SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: ARRESTED LEADER KAREL OF POK

PUBLISHED: 2009/03/13

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

In another unconscionable movement against the citizens of Kronos, the previous police of today arrested leader Elian Karel of POK in false loads of the fiscal evasion.  They lead him - manacled - of a meeting of the protectors of Kronos in Elodis, a rural municipality outer Abila.

Demonstrating his humor, Karel raised its wrists and joked to its those in favor as they lead far it, “I conjecture who I must not have sent the president those water boxes in bottle for its birthday.”

Karel is the leader of the protectors of Kronos, an alliance of the citizens of Kronos de Elodis that has demanded ascending clean of the government the contaminated water caused by the gas that it perforated in his community.

“We did not request GAStech to come to our community,” say Karel in a meeting a few months ago.  “'We did not request our water to make undrinkable, so that our children get to be ill.  Neither Elodis nor the people of Kronos has received any advantage of the great extraordinary amount of money that GAStech clears every year.  I request:  Where it is the money that goes.”

Those in favor assured representative the police who formed outside the police station of police that Karel would be treated humanly, but declined to answer questions or to allow that the visitors see Karel.

“He is a solved man,” the lawyer of Karel that Michale Kraft said to me on the telephone. “It will fight these false loads and will be towards outside in some days.  It will probably complain about the food of the jail in the following meeting of POK.” 

Kraft glides to solve with the morning of Karel Saturday.

The calls to the president and the minister of the offices of justice were not returned immediately.



SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: A GLANCE BEHIND IN A CUT TRAGICAL OF THE LIFE PUTS IN SHORT CIRCUIT: ELIAN KAREL

PUBLISHED: 2011/06/21

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

For two years of Elian Karel died yesterday in age 28 in a cell of the jail of Abila, presumably of the failure cardiac.  They had arrested it three months previous for the false loads of left fiscal evasion and falling behind in a cell of the jail without the additional legal demand.  His lawyer, Michale Kraft made several aspects before the court demand that the contour of the government who its specific load, and Karel launching.  

The questions fall behind, nevertheless, on the way of the death of Karel.  The requests the information were satisfied with securings that the police - that guards Karel was inside at the time of its death - would do all possible one to make an exhaustive investigation.

This "careful investigation" lasted all the two weeks, including the time that took to Coroner of the city of Abila to lose the original archives of the autopsy.  After the body of Karel was incinerated and sent to its family in Elodis, the head of Abila of  the police closed the case and has declined to answer questions on the death of Karel that she indicated that "we are satisfied the death we were of natural causes and we will entertain not more investigations."

According to the disclosed thing at the time of the death of Karel, several people near the investigation disclosed that the body of Karel demonstrated samples of the dulled trauma of the force, the abrasions and the laceraciones which was not constant with the cause of the death disclosed by the police.  These confidential sources have moved from the area and have been since then prohibitive for the contact.

The police has denied to any happened unusual thing in the death of Karel and the civil employees of the city demand the accusations of the murder and the illicit death is affirmed by POK shakes-rousers to try to urge instability and violence.

Yesterday in the morning of the 19 of June, a small group of POK those in favor collected in front of the police station of police of Abila, maintaining the photographies of Elian, and young other martyr, Julian Vann, the one of ten years - the old girl who died in 1998 of cancer caused by toxins of the benzene in her potable water.  

"Both they died due to lies of the government and the corruption," a man said to me that it asked that its well-known is retained due to preoccupations of the revenge of the police.  "Julian it died because Kronos allowed that GAStech poisoned our water, and dead Elian because he tried to bring the justice of Julian.  When it finishes."

     "To remember Julian! To remember Elian"

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: THE GASTECH CAR STRIKES THE AUTOMOBILE NEAR ELODIS, FAMILY OF FOUR DEAD ONES 

PUBLISHED: 2007/03/21

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

A collision of the vehicle demanded the lives of a family of Elodis, including two children.  The family traveled to house of a program of the school where one of the children had been made in the program of the means in the primary school of Elodis.

Auxiliary commission Fixes Koppolis of the police of Elodis disclosed three of the victims died in the scene of the accident.  Marcellus Edris, 33, its Valeria wife, 30, its Celia daughter, 7 died in the scene of the accident.  A son, Carmine, survived the initial collision but he died more ahead in a hospital of Abila.

The 25 years old driver of the car of GAStech not identified was maintained at night in the jail of the city of Elodis, and later sent.

The initial information of the investigators indicate that the driver of the car had entered illegal the intersection in where he had could not stop , whereas the other vehicle had the right of the way.

The police this Koppolis of Elodis commission would lead a complete investigation.

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: THE MEMBERS OF POK ARRESTED

PUBLISHED: 2001/09/02

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

Heavies of the government obstructed the free speech - yet again - of the members of the protectors of the group of the activist of Kronos yesterday in a legal demonstration in the fields of the curve of Tiskele.  The five activists of POK had collected in front of the doors to the facility of the operations of the gas of GAStech that he perforated to cause to public conscience the contaminated river of Tiskele that has caused problems of health to the residents of Elodis.

The present people disclose that the demonstration had begun Pacific with the five members of POK that walked forwards and backwards through way, singing "remembers Julian" and "not more of poison".  

An eyewitness said that when the doors were opened to allow that the vehicles of the company of GAStech leave the facility the moved demonstrators to a side.  The witnesses apparently agree that at the same time the vehicles with the government of the seal of Kronos lead to the doors, gliding to incorporate the facility. 

"Era all the very civil one for above until then," Griffith Mabel, resident of Elodis that had left to support the POK said.   "The opened doors, the POK people moved and the cars expelled.  That one is when stranger obtained.  The cars stopped in means of the way for no reason."

Another eyewitness, farmer Charley Normand de Elodis adds, "Yes, the POK individuals requested that the conductors moved pleasant, but the conductors of GAStech did not pay attention to them.  They had his windows down, so he was not as they could not hear them."

The renters of the vehicles of the government left and assembled of altercation.  The event sequence gets to be confused at this point.  Some witnesses indicate the instigadas discussions the conductors of GAStech with protestors, and others think that the officials of the government began to intimidate the demonstrators of the way.

"It is to people in the cars of the government were police," Mabel says.  "He used the uniforms and had currencies."

Onlookers says that the three parties began to shout, and in a certain point the police of Kronos - of Abila- it arrested five activists it probably transported and them to a jail of Elodis.

In spite of the repeated orders an interview, has not granted the access those arrested.

 

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: IN REMEMBRANCE:  THE DEATH OF ELIAN KAREL, A YEAR LATER

PUBLISHED: 2010/06/21


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

A young man in search of a more shining future for his died countrymen does today of the year in a cold, prison of the cement.  The protectors he only took care of apathetic it that they had been loaded with stopping it until finalizes an investigation for the tax fraud.  In place, sometimes on the early hours in the morning of the 19 of June, Elian Karel died with inexplicable injuries with the official cause of the death.

The report sent by the death of Abila of the city of the attributed Karel of the Coroner in July of 2010 to the sudden failure cardiac, and the investigation was closed soon after that.  

The police has denied to any happened unusual thing in the death of Karel and the civil employees of the city demand the accusations of the murder and the illicit death is affirmed by POK shakes-rousers to try to urge instability and violence.

In the year since the death of Karel the protectors of Kronos has continued the mission to demand that the instrument of the government of Kronos a policy of the transparency in business of the government, and to carry out responsible to the foreign companies that have contaminated the natural resources of Kronosian.

Those in favor continue forming in the places public, solved who their shouts for justice are heard.  Now intermingled with he sings of "remember Julian" one can also hear shouts "remember Elian".





SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: ELODIS, KRONOS:  THE GOVERNMENT WILL RESPOND IN TIME? Part three


PUBLISHED: 1998/05/17

This article is the installation passed of a series of three parts that deals with the problem every greater time an anguish of the community, the criminal fact of the government, and the alarming influence of multinational corporations in the country of Kronos.

Pondo Reese, editor of the weekly newspaper of Elodis, is stopped in its window, watching towards outside towards the sun that fixes to the river of Tiskele.  I have requested that he says to me on the implication of the government of Kronos in the deeply worrisome account of the fight of a community for the protection against which they must help them more: its chosen civil employees, against whom they would poison his children and the food of the country.

"It took from long term so that any person responds," Reese says to me of its fight.  "Henk Bodrogi - the man who you talked to - did not give for above.  It called each department that could possibly be associated to our problem:  outer interior, justice, subjects, health.Henk and some other residents made several trips to Abila that tried to be able somebody to listen. Finally, a comprehensive person of the ministry of the health answered the door, so that is where we began. "

Then Reese describes months of the meetings in which the officials of the government demanded the documents that proved their case:  statistic of the health and the harvest, the scientific test resultses of the health for all, and medical files.

"It has been frustrating.  We bring the documents, and then they wish to confirm the results, or they say to us to provide the additional information or to have closed meetings.  We are at the moment in course of negotiation of a date for a hearing in the ministry of the health to present our request for the aid."

 Has been worthy of this?

"You say to me," the pitchings of Reese towards outside his window.  I watch on its shoulder to see a group of children who strike a ball of soccer with the foot in the dust.

"What option we have?"



SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: ELIAN KAREL DIED IN KRONOS JAIL

PUBLISHED: 2009/06/21

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Elian Karel, age 28, died Friday whereas incarcerated illegally in the prison of the city of Abila.  Karel was jailed in fraudulent charges of the fiscal evasion after its halting the 12 of March earlier this year.

His lawyer, Michale Kraft did the warning Friday during a press conference of the noon.

"We still do not know any details.  What I can say you you are that one when I left Elian yesterday it satisfied after it with in the prison he was in excellent health and good happiness.  He hoped to be sent in the days next and the return to his work with the protectors of Kronos, and was excited to continue the protectors of the mission of Kronos to which he dedicated his life.  I can assure to him that the death of Elian will be investigated with all the resources in our disposition and those people in charge will be brought to justice."

Those in favor of the POK and others began to collect outside the police station of police like extension of the news.

"I cannot believe it," Kriste Brontes said through his tears, "we were in the meeting in march.  It seemed and sounded so good.  It was so optimistic that the changes came.  Who will be able to now lead POK?"

Karel, of Elodis, had been with the POK mission since it was young.  He was only some years older than Julian Vann, friend who died in 1998 of the environment that caused toxin to unload illegal of the company GAStech de Tethyn. 

The calls to the office of the president, the office of the minister of justice and to the office of the head of the police were not returned immediately.



SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: LEAF 2004 OF THE FACT OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH OF ELODIS

PUBLISHED: 2004/05/31


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

The center of the health of the community of Elodis has published an update to the health for all the study made in 1998.  The index of mortality and the incidence of the chronic disease increased on 252% as of previous years.  The report detailed soon will be fixed to the municipal Web site of Elodis.



SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: ELODIS, KRONOS:  A CITY IN the NECESSITY, part one

PUBLISHED: 1998/03/21

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

This article is the first installation of a series of three parts that deals with the problem every greater time an anguish of the community, the criminal fact of the government, and the alarming influence of multinational corporations in the country of Kronos.

Nestled in the curve of the river of Tiskele, the sun rises excessive the city that cultivates of Elodis.  Today, as they have by more than 250 years, the residents will rise to tend to the rich Earth of floodplain that provides the food for the people of Kronos.

Two weeks I previously received an email of an old friend, Pondo Reese, now the editor of the weekly newspaper of Elodis, a paper of the agriculture that served to the community around the curve of Tiskele. In his email it described once generous region now caused sorrow by the contamination, fighting to find solutions to a worsening problem.  He decided to investigate.

"We did not make the connection at the outset," Reese we said to me when I sat with him in its office.  "The company of the gas had been part of some years constructed in '94, and our problems did not begin immediately.  After a pair of harvests, we saw a declination in the production.   We think that perhaps hiccup was right, and the things would obtain better.  Then when obtaining begun the ill we done one more a glance harder what could have changed. "

The change turned out to be international GAStech, an international corporation directed by Sten Sanjorge Jr, tycoon of the business outside Tethys.

Established in 1961, the corporation of GAStech began like had business family who provided services that carried the premises in Tethys.  Both founders - Mr. hank Fluss and Sten Sanjorge - perforating savage found to being more lucrative, and began therefore a series of environmental disasters and financial scandals that worked Mr.  Sanjorge in an early tomb and lead possible Fluss in a marginal seatin their own company.  With the death of Mr.  Sanjorge, the son took the rudder from GAStech firmly in his grasping and widened his influence more far to the distant spot, possible landing in the threshold of small the  municipality of Elodis.

With a population of 6500, most of the residents of Elodis they live in houses and on two-history in small farms.  A smaller number of families lives in the municipality throughout a main street with two markets, two warehouses of the hardware, a powerboat and a coffee where you can buy lunch, take his mail and buy a liter of milk to bring the home.  The families have lived in Elodis for the generations.

"We have made a good life during long time," Reese we say to me. "The population has been increasing constantly.  The vegetal production has been good.  For most, the young people have not gone away for the city as they have in many of other rural places.  We have many of earth that could still be developed. There was a future for them here."

I requested Reese to help me to meet the people who lives have been affected by the operations of GAStech.  It introduced a farmer to he who family had here been for several generations.  

I took for above with Henk Bodrogi in the city that made purchases in the warehouse of the hardware of Osvaldo to repair an broken tractor.  Bodrogi has cultivated the soybeans its whole life, like its father and his parents. I asked to him about its life in the farm.

Part two will be published the 25 of April of 1998



SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: THE DEFEATED MEASUREMENT, EFFORTS OF THE TAX OF POK WAS CLOGGED

PUBLISHED: 2001/03/23

LOCATION: Abila, Kronos 

A measurement to increase taxes on the foreign development of the oil and the gas proposed in Minister of the health Will stop Nespola was defeated by a wide margin the week last in the General Assembly.

This defeat is a rough blow to the protectors of Kronos, group of Elodis that counted in that it financed to provide cleaning of healthcare and of the atmosphere of its water drinking and of the irrigation.

"We have a meeting anticipated with the minister," the protectors of the leader of Kronos that Henk Bodrogi said.  "Not to tell us towards outside still.  We glide to improve the measurement and minister will reintroducirá it to Nespola at the end of this year."

Bodrogi is the leader of the protectors of Kronos, an environmental group of the towns with a mission to stop the contamination caused by the gas that it perforates in his native city.

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: MINISTER OF THE HEALTH TO PROPOSE THE SOLUTION TO THE ENVIRONMENT OF THE CITY


PUBLISHED: 1999/07/08


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Prime minister of the health Will stop announced it to Nespola would sponsor an account to increase taxes on the foreign development of the energy in anticipated Kronos to finance environmental cleaning and improved healthcare for the rural cities.  After a series of meetings with the members of the protectors of the group of the activist of Kronos (POK) the warning was made the week last.

"Our front trajectory is clear," POK Co-leader that the Carmine Osvaldo said.  "We fought for the clean water, good health and now we will have the bottoms to do that this happens.  It is thankful to ministrar Nespola that more of children they will not have to die."

Osvaldo refers Julian Vann, 10 years old girl who died the year last of the leukemia due with the environment of the benzene of operations that they perforated of the gas against the current of his home.

The POK formed in 1997 in answer to the contamination of the water supply of Elodis and to subsequent the resulting deaths of the disease and of local residents.  





SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: THE POK MEETING DRAWS THOUSANDS OF THOSE IN FAVOR

PUBLISHED: 2009/03/09


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

The thousands of demonstrators who take the flags that read "remember Julian" and singing "we wished truth" reunited in front of the morning of Saturday of the governmental offices of Kronos. The demonstrators demanded an accounting of the yields of the then government of the fiscal incentives of president Araullo that were signed in law in 1993.

Of ten years old Julian Vann died in 1998 of a disease caused by the contaminated water of the operations of GAStech. She has made the icon heartrendering of a movement that has gained the aid from a end from Kronos to the other.

"They promised better works to Us, the new ways, healthcare better and a better standard to live," 20 years old protestor that declined to have its used name.  "All what I see is greater mansions for the ministers and a hospital that costs more to the adjustment than he can do.  We will not accept that"

The protestor referred apparently to the general hospital of Abila constructed in 1997 with the money of the increasing yield of the foreign operations of the gas here in Kronos.  The nonlucrative hospital has been having difficulty maintaining of its infrastructure, in spite of several made extensive restoration for years to replace the electrical systems and that drilled.

"The contracts all were given to the family and the cronies of the ministers," accuse 26 years - old Jon L., that traveled six hours to take care of the meeting of yesterday.  "What we needed it is the transparency in our government.  We need to know what happens to all the money that comes inside from these foreign companies.

The leader Elian Karel of the protest dealed with the demonstrators in the park the city of Abila.  Karel assumed the control the direction of POK of Henk Bodrogi, that to bad forced it health under the position.  Karel spoke eloquent on the principles of the campaign of POK like effort of the towns for the clean water, to the dynamic movement it has the improved transparency demanding turned and responsibility of the government.

"We are not requesting any unreasonable thing," Karel speaks enthusiastic to its ardent listeners.  "The only thing that we wished is to know are being used our taxes.  We know that these corporations are generating benefits of the files to expenses of Kronos, but do not see no of the engaged improvements.  The only thing that we wished is responsibility for that they died due to avarice, the corruption and the indifference of a that must protect."

The calls to the office of the president were not returned immediately.



SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: INFLAMMATION OF THE PROTESTS IN ABILA IN ANSWER TO CALLS TO THE ACTION


PUBLISHED: 2014/03/26
7 of September of 2012

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

The thousands of people aligned the ways Thursday in an exhibition of solidarity antigovernment.

Between the demonstrators it was Mestache Vardshvna, 23, of the coast of the west of Kronos.   "We are trying to obtain the attention of our government," he said.  "This is important, so I took time extinguished from the work to be a part of this important event."

It was one of whom they handled his energy of the free speech to express his preoccupation with the present deficiency of the transparency of the government with the money public.

 "They need to be found out that we know what is doing," added Vardshvna.  "You cannot as soon as to rob our money and to think she can obtain to him far with him."

The posters with colorful images of Elian Karel and Julian Vann were reminders of the heavy toll already paid by the leaders and innocents.    Its death, thought to be a murder by many, urged annul meetings to bring the message of the protectors of Kronos to the public.  Julian Vann died in 1998 of the cancer caused by environmental toxins in its potable water.  It finished giving return to ten years.

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: LEAF OF THE FACT OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH OF ELODIS

PUBLISHED: 1998/05/17


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

At the request of the citizens of Elodis, the health for everything has published a report on the impact of the operations that perforated of the gas in quality of the water and public health.  The report detailed soon will be available in the health for all the Web site.  The comparative data before 1998 were collected to investigate careful of the medical file provided by the center of the health of Elodis Community.

Highlights:

* The elevated amounts of chemical agents were found in the water supply, including arsenic, the acetic anhydride, the benzene, and dioxide of clorina.

* The people youngest of 30 appear to undergo an unusually high index of the associated chronic disease to toxins produced by operations that they perforate of the gas.

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: POK REMEMBERS MARTYRED LEADER

PUBLISHED: 2012/06/22

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

In the stirring leaders of Wednesday of the ceremony of the protectors of the group of the activist of Kronos the tribute paid to its fallen leader, Elian Karel, that was assassinated the 19 of June of 2009 whereas illegal one being stopped in a jail of Kronos.

"We collected today to remember Elian Karel," Silvia Marek we said the assembly of rapt, many of whom supported the white candles in the honor of Karel.

"Elian was born in a farm of Elodis not 40 minutes of here, to Jeroen and Antaura Karel.  It grew above for with the phantom of the death everything around him.   For the moment at which Elian was 17 many of their members of the family and the friends fought constant disease, including their neighbor 10 years - old Julian Vann. "

Marek stopped briefly a little while to allow the shouts of "remembers Julian" to fade itself.

"Elian knew that his it would be a difficult trip.  He had watched his father, to Jeroen and founder of the POK, long walk of Henk Bodrogi the same trajectory that he would be above.  Elian knew that the course would not be easy, and that it would leave just a short time by a personal life.  He chose yet to take those measures in spite of the challenges that he knew that he would do in front."

"The trip of Elian finished three years ago today.  But its dream did not die with him.  And it is that vision of a healthy one and future prosperous for all we are here today honoring."

On the course of afternoon several other loudspeakers they paid tribute not only to Elian, but all that have been victims of the environmental catastrophe caused by avarice and the corruption of civil employees. 

The meeting was only spoiled by the aggravating presence of the police of Abila in gear of the uproar.  The police shook to many of the crowd, doing to have them to leave the assembly rather that to invade with the command batons and the aerosol of the pepper.







SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: A CELEBRATION OF KLEPTOCRACY UNFETTERED

PUBLISHED: 2014/01/19

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Following the annual executives and several of GAStech of the corporative meeting of GAStech-Kronos the officials of the government of Kronos of the high-graduation will take care of soiree in the capital building of Kronos to celebrate kleptocracy unfettered that she has maintained to civil employees of Kronos mansions and vehicles of the luxury.

Curiosity surrounds the hearing what president Kapelou the Jr of II and the CEO Sten Sanjorge must say on how this alliance unholy has benefitted citizens from Kronos.  

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: MEETING OF THE REPRESENTATIVES OF POK WITH THE MINISTER OF KRONOS OF THE HEALTH

PUBLISHED: 1998/11/16


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Rhe representatives of the social activist group the protectors of Kronos (POK) solved at the beginning of this week with Will stop Nespola, minister of the health to discuss resolutions to the contamination of the water that has plagued Elodis from last years 90.

"This was a productive meeting," POK leader that Henk Bodrogi said.  "The interest I animate myself greatly that the government is demonstrating in the suffering of the people of Elodis.  It looked itself to be very responsivo like our request to settle down well-taken care of doctor improved in Elodis, and invests the contamination responsible for so many of our diseases."

The POK formed in 1997 of a group of the action of the towns in answer to the contamination of the water supply of Elodis and of the resulting disease and to the deaths of local residents on subsequent the several years.  

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: ELODIS, KRONOS:  AID of one divides two of the SOURCE UNEXPECTED

PUBLISHED: 1998/04/27

This article is the second installation of a series of three parts that deals with the problem every greater time an anguish of the community, the criminal fact of the government, and the alarming influence of multinational corporations in the country of Kronos.

I took for above with Henk Bodrogi in the city that made purchases in the warehouse of the hardware of Ferro to repair an broken tractor.  Bodrogi has cultivated the soybeans its whole life, like its father and his parents. I asked to him about its life in the farm.

"We have worked the Earth during long time - perhaps 200 years, perhaps a small piece more," Henk Bodrogi said to me as it chose on a package of per to us, looking for the right size.  "On the years we have added some hectares here and there.  To us it maintains occupied."

Occupied it is an underestimation, as I found when I punctured to farmer wiry to say to me more.

 "My wife obtains the raising of children and title to teach, then she will do a little something so that we eat for the lunch and we work next to me until supper.  When the children get school caretakers make their tasks, and we are all in the house most of the times by darkness."

"We do this most of the days," he we added, "with the exception of days of the adoration."

"All we know one another one here," Bodrogi we explained whereas we go away. "Most of the families they have lived here for the generations.  The first new people who came to the city were with that company of the gas that constructed the back part of some years."

I request Bodrogi if the business has been good. 

"We made quite good recently until time.  The benefits were good and added cultivated area, or increased the equipment.  Then we began to have all this hardship with the harvests."

How, I it requested.

"The harvests are not producing as they have in the past.  It awhile took the figure towards, outside then one of the calculated officials of the city towards outside calling in a specialist of the water.  They proved when it they said that the water was contaminated."

Bodrodgi sighed, and with a glance surrounded in its eye thanked for he me by my interest and this it had to me to direct it the back home.I th anked for it I watched and to raise it in its car and head outside city.

The specialist of the water turned out to be the international agency "health for all", an international agency with a mission to bring the healthy water to the communities caused sorrow by natural disasters, sketch and - coincidently - oil and development of the gas.

I took for above with a representative of the health for all the following day.  Joclyn Reynolds is coordinating of the project for the "health for all".  She spoke to me on a call based on the satellites of her office of the field in Asia South-Eastern where she was efforts of the relevation of the creation which followed an earthquake. Ms Reynolds decided to speak me by some minutes between the meetings on its work in Elodis.

"A civil employee of the city on a problem we made contact with enemy whereupon they had with its local water.  In years of last agriculture one had collapsed, and the incidence of certain diseases and defects of birth had risen.  The potable water of Elodis comes from the river of Tiskele, like all the water to cultivate, so we looked for a source against the current.  We above find sources of the useless disposition of the production in <km> of the operation of GAStech by waters.  The tests demonstrated to stops levels of the benzene, the tolueno, arsenic of xylene, the lead and the selenium, among other toxins. "

"These substances Can happen naturally" I asked to him.

"Not in these amounts, and not this one suddenly.  The contamination of the underground water is generally the result of the human activity.  The pipes of GAStech are sending the polluting agents in a pool.  The toxins are forming plume subsurface that leaks in the river of Tiskele of which the residents of the drainage of Elodis its potable water and irrigation for the harvests."

"You spoke with GAStech on this?"

"Oh yes," she answered.  "We thought at the outset that we gained the traction.  We solved several times with the representatives of GAStech, including one of "the senior" executives, Fluss hank.  It assured personally to us that GAStech would act responsible to provide material and financial aid towards efforts of the cleaning.  After a time, although, got to be clear that whereas Mr. Fluss was serious it was Sanjorge that makes the decisions.  It is evident that it [Sanjorge] does not have any interest in the well-being of the residents of Elodis, or the atmosphere."

Sten Sanjorge, the Jr, who had inherited his part in the company of his father in 1990, had developed a reputation for the practices of business of cutthroat.

"When we did not make progress with GAStech," Reynolds continued, "the leaders of the community decided to approach the government of Kronos for the aid.   By our policy - and with the permission of the leaders of Elodis - we published the test results in an official public document.  The leaders of then Elodis approached the officials of the government like citizens of a community of Kronesian armed with the scientific analysis.  To our he assured them agency that we would be again available to help anyway when those agreements were concluded. "

To this point the Reynolds far from the telephone called ms, so I returned to my friend of the editor, Pondo Reese to tell to end history.

Part three will be published the 15 of May of 1998

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE:  THE WHO BRINGS A WEAPON TO SEATING INSIDE?

PUBLISHED: 2013/06/22


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Yesterday, because they have each 19 of June by last the three years of those in favor of the reunited protectors of Kronos demanding much just as they are in the last fourteen years old:  a end to the corruption of the officials of the government of Kronos and the cleaning of the toxic sweepings unloads that it has become the river of Tiskele near Elodis. 

The meeting that happened in several places through the city, including in front of publically-had home of president Kapelou and the capital building of Abila.  The citizens collected to hope that their voices would be heard by their chosen civil employees. They distributed the information on the printed aviators and donated by local businesses on the incongruencias of the form of life between the chosen civil employees of today and he does of some years. The demonstrators maintained the posters of martyrs of POK and sang for the social and economic parity, whereas the members black-had with the police of Abila formed lines faceless of the protectors, the command batons and the lateral arms surrounding to the crowds.

On each one the mind was the question:   Who brings a weapon to a Pacific feels inside?  The meeting had been published like pacific meeting of citizens to bring its preoccupations to the public sense.  The most dangerous article of its hands was a picture dead girl sweet-faced of ten years of old - a Julian Vann that died in 1998 of the cancer caused by the benzene in its potable water.  

So that the government of Kronos felt the necessity to send to police squadron of the gross one?

In spite of these severe efforts, as the people groups slid through the barricades and they moved through the streets to bring his message to the citizens of Kronos.  The aviators who brought messages of the truth and justice were lazy in banks of the park, cafes and slight posts.  

How can these civil employees - hypothetical obtaining close in pays public - be allowed the second the great homes, boats and the automobiles of luxury that boast of?





SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: LEAF OF THE FACT OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH OF ELODIS - UPDATE

PUBLISHED: 2000/06/01


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

The environmental consequences of the hyperactive acid retirement of the substratum (HASR), a technique that perforated controversy have taken an enormous toll in the health from the residents of Elodis.  An update to health 1998 for all the report soon will be fixed to the municipal Web site of Elodis.

Highlights:
* The levels without toxin precedents were found in the water supply, including fenol, the acetic anhydride, the lead, and the ethylene glycol.

* The incidence of the chronic disease increased on 89% as of previous years

* The unusually high incidence of the cancer became so referring to that minister of designated the Nespola health a specialist from the oncology to the general hospital of Abila
.


SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: DEFICIENCY OF THE INTENTIONS OF THE MARS GOVERNMENT OF THE DETAILS


PUBLISHED: 1993/02/04


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

In a president glitzy Luis Araullo of the press conference behind schedule announced the last year an historical system of fiscal incentives anticipated to bring the foreign investment to Kronos under way that created works, providing cheap energy and constructing the infrastructure.  After the vote the 86-14 month last the minister of inner the Sarto Takings praised the decision like the "signal" and "to improve people".

We will see.  Crafters of these revolutionary measures neglected to include a detailed plan on how this unexpected gain would benefit daily Kronosians.   When the first payment of these foreign company lands in the boxes of the state, how these bottoms will be dispersed?

One is asked: The 14 who opposed the measurement felt the same way?   Also was asked exactly how this money would be concentrated in the education, improvements in ways, utilities and healthcare?

The calls to the offices of the president were not returned.



SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: POK PROTESTS THE END IN HALTINGS

PUBLISHED: 2005/04/07


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

To the federal police of Kronos they arrested fifteen members of the protectors of the organization of the activist of Kronos (POK) that followed yesterday a conflict in the doors of the facility of GAStech of the curve of Tiskele.

The demonstrators arrived pre-dawn at the arms from lock and traffic from the stop that left and that incorporated of the facility.  Per local time of 8, the traffic had endorsement in both sides of the doors.  Shaking itself, the demonstrators sang well-known songs of the protest, including "this are our earth", "songs of the farmer" and "the weavers of our mother country"

When the federal police began to arrest the POK demonstrators, he moved in a way ordered in the van of the police that waited for, singing the whole time.



 

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

TITLE: MEETING TO PROGRAM IN SUPPORT OF INCREASING RESPONSIBILITY OF THE GOVERNMENT

PUBLISHED: 2012/04/10

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Silvia Marek, leader of the protectors of the social organization of the action of Kronos is repealing the citizens of Kronos to assemble it by a day of the pacific protest morning.  Marek requests that all the citizens assemble at issue it to bring knowledge to the problem of penetrating the political corruption and favoritism in the offices of the government of Kronos.

"I am calling for an end to the atrocious corruption, the nepotism and favoritism exhibited by our chosen civil employees.  [The civil employees] need to hear our voice and knowledge that now we demanded the change.

The meeting will be held in the park of the city of Elodis at noon.

SOURCE: Daily Pegasus

LOCATION: TITLE: OF TEN YEARS 

TITLE: OF TEN YEARS OLD  OF THE GIRL OF ELODIS OF THE  POISONING DIES


PUBLISHED: 1998/08/21

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

Of ten years - old Julian Vann died yesterday in the evening, surrounded by their family and friends.  The cause of the death was leukemia due to the poison of the benzene.

Julian he had been ill by on a year.  Her family did not make initially that the poison of the benzene was the cause of the problems of Julian.  After visits to many hospitals, a doctor was associated to the international health of the organization of the recommended aid for all the Julian one is tests for the poison of the benzene.  In that point, nevertheless, the system of the small girl was also damaged to recover.

The residents of Elodis have been pleading for with the government of Kronos taking the action against the contamination caused by the operation that hardly perforated of the gas of GAStech 20 kilometers against the current of Elodis.

The death of Julian is but one of several deaths that this rural municipality has suffered due to the toxic sweepings that was unloaded in the river of Tiskele by the corporation GAStech de Tethys.

Thefuneral services will be carried out the 21 of August in the family home.

