SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: GAStech 

PUBLISHED: 2013/02/24

It is the biggest company of Kronos, the third bigger company of the gas in the planet, and is years of fifty-three. In the past it has had a corrupt reputation like and environmentally harmful, but nowadays GAStech, the previous business of Tethys-only, is trying to gain the confidence of international investors. This form the part of its ambitions to extend its gas that provides with the beneficial business outside the Mediterranean region.

It is an ascending task, and there is no certainty that Gastech has the capacity to convince potential investors that it has repaired his ways, and it is rooted not more in the past echo-hostile.

The operations of the pipe of GAStech are based on Kronos of the east, and is near relation with the government of Kronosian. This one is the heart of the business of the pipe of Kronos, where the gas of the gas fields of the east settles tubes to the west towards the rest of Kronos, Tethys and Europe.

GAStech does more than as soon as the gas of the pump. It has created cities and cities to maintain his operations, that it handles and it works almost single-giving.

The head of GAStech, Sten Sanjorge, Jr, that photo watches fixedly towards outside calendars and of marks throughout in the country, recognizes "state inside the accusations of a state", but she discusses that the necessities of the company simply to take care of his workers and of the communities around them.

By all means, to populate the good reasons with the necessity to come and to work in the hostile remote regions of Kronosian. They provide medical aid, the hospitality, and the food. The empire of GAStech has 2 thousand cows and 3 thousand pigs in its farms of the company, it works gyms, and it offers subsidized holidays in the resources of the Black Sea for the dominant employees. For the executives, it works a state extreme extra, a medical center and of the marble-aligned therapy.

In addition to all these allowances, there is also the station of GAStech TV, that does not even pretend to be impartial. It is there serving the will as the company.

It looks like as soon as the picture of a modern global company, as most of those have unloaded little ceremonious their "activities of the not-heart". There is a discussion, nevertheless, that the business of the energy is different from other industries, requiring the corporations of the energy to work of different ways.

Working in remote places without previous means of the infrastructure to lubricate and the sites of the gas they will be always, until certain point, cities of the company. GAStech makes certainly an effort to assure its employees can move inside and outside these locations working a deprived fleet of four planes to ferry across to its personnel the enormous distances between the sites.

SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: Global boxes of the charity of dren of the disasters



PUBLISHED: 1999/11/16

The new pleas campaign in the horizon to maintain liquidity.

The agencies of the aid have noticed that the monetary necessities and of the food have increased everywhere and that they can not be able to solve basic necessities.

The office of the O.N.U for the coordination of humanitarian subjects says that 15 million people of remain needing vital merchandize and services, because the number and the severity of crisis have given rise to a deficiency of the "food, healthcare, and the access to sustenances."

A new group of the aid, Singapur THAT TOOK CARE OF has formed recently in answer to the conflict in Kosovo.  The Dr Jayala Mahmed could not find an organization existing to sponsor it to offer voluntarily his medical services there.  Singapur THAT TOOK CARE OF has sent five missions to Kosovo to provide movable medical aid.  Also they have sent a effort of the mobilization of bottoms in collaboration with the governments of Malaysia.  "We are stopped ready to help, but the financing is difficult to find," the indicated Dr Mahmed. "As much it is necessary but as much it has been last already."

They damaged to thirteen people Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, as people filled up a convoy of the relevación of the government, the civil employees this.  They absolutely fear 20,000 earthquake people both that have happened east year.  Singapur THAT TOOK CARE OF has sent to equipment from the relevación to Turkey.

Still, the organizations of the aid stretch to their limits.  Health for all the attended medical equipment of the emergency ad hoc during the earthquake of September in central Taiwan that measured 7,3 in the scale of Richter.  "The answer of the equipment of the emergency was impressive, but not coordinated," it indicated a health for all the spokesman.  "Never éramos insurances they directed if us to the most desperate locations.  Soon we worked of medicines and bottoms to support our equipment of the aid and had to return to house."  Whereas the disclosed global press on 2500 people was killed and 100,000 buildings were destroyed, the local press disclosed people felt they correctly took care of that it for and declined aid of the relevación. 

The global report of the organization of the disaster of the emergency its members is making all she be able to obtain the aid to traverse to the victims of the earthquake, but they need enormous injections the bottoms to do so.  

Cord of Jim, of the FoodSupport charity of the relevación of the disaster these times "I think that the deficiency of bottoms is responsible for an increase of attacks against the convoys of the food, therefore dissuading many of agencies of the aid to obtain inside there."





SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: 4 of March of 2010


PUBLISHED: 2014/03/26
It is the first incident of his class in the history of the famous race of boat of the world, in which the yachts around the Mediterranean coast compete for the gold cup coveted.

The presidential boat, had by the family of present president Karel Kapelou II of Kronos, began to take in the water and disappeared slowly in the sea.

Cold

Most of the equipment entered the boats of the rescue, whereas other that decided to swim to the border described it like "cold".

Shortly after the presidential container perceivably was caused sorrow, a boat of small motor hurried forwards and backwards between the boat and to shake of the crowds of the coast the "protectors of Kronos" they indicate to offer by means of a flag its white emblem of the hand.  It is not known if the group were implied with the incident of the boat, although extensively recognize the group like getting to be more and more violent in its protests against the government.

The equipment rejected to blame the captain of the boat, 41 years Petra Hohimae, that are well to the current of waters of the line of the coast of Kronos.

One hopes that the race is cancelled although there has been no official word. The investigations to the presidential office have not been answered.  

They disclose the equipment to have only suffered injuries of smaller importance during his abandonment and to have avoided the contact of the press. One hopes that the ball of the finery of the cup of Kapalou is cancelled tonight, although many international dignitaries and celebrities remain in the country.  

SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: The protectors of Kronos de Kronos declared "group of the terrorist"

PUBLISHED: 2009/02/23


<<Deleted image: POK has celebrated numerous demonstrations in the capital of Kronos de Abila>>

To continue reading main history	

The government of Kronos has declared the protectors of Kronos that a terrorist groups after blaming it by a mortal attack against headquarters of the police at the beginning of this week.

Several of their those in favor have arrested themselves in an energetic measurement.

A POK leader made vote that the protests would continue.

The spokesman Rufus Drymiau of the government announced the movement, that will give to authorities more energy to crack itself down in the POK.

He said that those that belonged to the group they financed, it or they promoted its activities would face the punishment.

To continue reading main history	

The protectors of Kronos

    The oldest and greater of the activist environmental organization of Kronos

    Founded on 1997.

    Influenced by the international groups such as health for all

    Mixture political activism with the environmental work

    Use of the rejections of the democratic principles of the violence and the aids

Motto: "Justice for Julian", a reference to 10 years - the old girl of Kronosian that the government died as resulting from sponsored the contamination of environment 

The decision was in answer to the bombing of Tuesday of the headquarters of the police in Abila, he said.

"Kronos was horrified of the north to the south by the horrible crime trusted by the POK," Mr. Drymiau this.

"This was in context of the dangerous scaling to the violence against Kronos and Kronosians and of a clear declaration by the POK that does not know to anything but violence.

"People to put under the POK terrorism are not possible for Kronos the state nor Kronos."

Kronos would notify Tethys that had signed a treaty 1998 of the against-terrorism of the decision, he added.

Those in favor of POK

The POK has denied the being responsible for the attack, and has accused the government of Kronos to carry out mark-for above silencing the preoccupations of the groups by people.

A member of POK said to times that the decision of the government was "ilegítima".

He added: "The protests will continue, certainly."



SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: Central paper of the center in the industry of the gas of Tethan 

PUBLISHED: 1982/10/03


The world of the gas distant, difficult and is thrown far. In Tethys some years ago, I traveled laborious to the gas fields moved away of Tethys to watch a new debatable area of the energy production.

One of the sites that I visited was a local office of the company of the gas of Sanjorge, finessed with the shippers of the work and the reinforced covers and the chemical agents and the sources you need to work an operation of the gas. Like it memory, a previous truck driver was responsible.

It was an alive example of how a once small reconnaissance company of Thethys had begun to grow in a powerful international force in the industry of the energy.

But it had forgotten to me on the encounter until I again went to Tethys the other day for the first time from its years, to reacquaint with the man who created the business, Sten Sanjorge: a man (one of the richest individuals of Tethys) who has lived with the whole history of the gas that prospected and has prospered powerfully of him.

But like I was around the capital city of the people who entrevistaba with of the center, soon I made that this was not right a history of the new energy. Something very significant has happened to give return to the center in a global center of the masters of the industry of the gas. Of what it is developed in the capital city are important lessons for other places blessed (and it cursed) with the abundant natural resources.

The "center developed masters of the class of the world in directing in the very difficult environs"

When it was newspaperman young in the daily file in Glasgow at the beginning of years 70, the great attacks coast outside of the oil began in the North Sea. Then it looked like a pretty impossible dream, giving returned to an island of the coal in a place with the abundant sources of the oil and gas.

It was looked like us in the coast of the west of Scotland that the city far thrown of the center, Tethys was able to great small piece for its shippers, beginning to believe in a new industry of the fantasy.

Much to the grief of its mother, meanwhile, Sten Sanjorge had begun the prospection in early years 60.

By early years 70, a new company of the gas, GAStech, began his monster-like advances.

Under its direction canny, GAStech was developed in an important jet of the natural gas to the local region, and later it foments much to the distant spot. Now it has employees of the thousands and it works in numerous countries. 

The change in center has been substantial.  You notice in the constant uproar of helicopters to-Ing. and fro-Ing. towards it go to the moved away areas, and the planes aligned in the airport of the city to backwards go and execs forwards and of the city.

And as you lead around the center, almost each traffic circle is sponsored by a division of GAStech. 

Sanjorge has recently begun to pay more attention to the pastimes and philanthropy, allowing that its Fluss hank of the Jr and the Co-founder of Sten of the son directs the company. But Sanjorge finishes requesting itself to produce a report for the government of Tethan that recommends the best ways to make sure that Tethys continues producing the energy per decades to come.

The matter of easy-to-obtaining has taken place, so to keep to come from the gas it will need much investment and new readier techniques, such as the hyperacid techniques of the retirement of the substratum developed by the company in 1974. 

It so thanks for ready people as Sten Sanjorge and the people who work with him, center has reached what wishes each place in where the raw materials are discovered to do. The city has taken the temporary favor from the energy in its threshold, and it has given to return in the specialized knowledge and the intellectual characteristic him that can make center a center of masters of the long gas after the gas itself works towards outside.



SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: 2014/03/26
PUBLISHED: 21 October 2013

Interpol has announced the formation of a detachment of forces of the new multi-country to fight the more and more ample distribution of cathinone of methyldimethyl of the drug (MDMC).  To direct the detachment of forces is inspector greater Loblaw Robert, official of the veteran who lead very to guessed right equipment of Tethys Counterdrug.  He is optimist who he can identify the source.

"These drugs of designer have certain tracks as far as their origin," Loblaw these times in an interview.  "Whenever the prescription changes, it leaves tracks as far as it did whom it.  It is like a pedigrí."

This particular mixture of drug MDMC, also known by its street names the "caramel of cotton", the "spice soña" and the "flower of tulip", was found previously only in Asteria but it has made his way to the streets of Tethys and other international countries.

"I will hardly watch the activities of the army of people of Asterian," Loblaw this.  "Our previous investigations indicated to them like the source of this particular formulation."

The army of people of Asterian (APA) is an organization paramilitary that has been contracted the financed activities of the terrorist with its criminal companies, that include drug traffic.  These last years the APA has tried to construct to their trade name with Web site and the publication of a professional compartment, of high called quality "Arise".

Inspector greater Loblaw says the public statistic of Tethys indicates that MDMC is a problem every greater time with the youth of the country.  "An increase in mental problems of health, including the hallucinations and the paranoia, accompanied by violent behavior and an increase marked in tariffs of the suicide are only some of the indicators of the use of this drug of designer."

"In the first place we have alerted to harbor civil employees to be in the observation post for the suspicious shipments of insecticides and detergent, both similars in aspect to MDMC."







SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: Four people have died in a crash of the way near Elodis 

PUBLISHED: 2007/03/19

Of nine years - the old boy survived initially the crash and had been flown to the hospital of the children of Abila, but he was declared dead in arrival. 

The police says that it has a driver of the car of 25 years in safekeeping in the jail of Elodis.

The officials say a car exploded in the flames after hitting a car of GAStech  moments before 9AM (KDT).

An equipment of the identification of the victim of the disaster of Kronos was sent to examine the rest.

Auxiliary commission Fixes Koppolis of the police described the scene like "horrific".

He said the one of nine years - they found to the old boy wandering around the site of the accident.

"He is tragic that survived nobody in last instance.  The ways towards outside can here be treasonous when you are not constantly watchman whereas she leads," he said.

It observed that the car happened in the intersection when the car had the right of the way.  

SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: The police of Abila breaks itself for above will seat dice returned violent in presidential 



PUBLISHED: 2012/06/21


The traffic around the city as fight of Abilians to be able to work in the middle of vandalism and of the sacking.

At the beginning of the Tuesday police stormed the front of the presidential mansion and the capital building, breaking itself upon seating inside by the protectors of Kronos.

Other groups of the activist have assembled the faction of protest in solidarity and one more a greater meeting was predicted for later inside the day.

The government of Kronos of the conservative used an emergency law to threaten protestors the halting unless they dispersed and they returned to the work.  The row is excessive environmental editions that the POK maintains to the government and the giant international person in charge of GAStech of the gas.

The meetings had begun, despite more destructive activities have extended as the crowds made more anxious. 

The samples between the demonstrator called for the change of the government and the social equality.  The images of Julian Vann, the girl of 10 years who dies of diseases attributed to the international industrial giant of GAStech served like points of the meeting.

The people who direct to a favorable-government accountant-reunite was attacked by POK those in favor, and last shots were ignited.  

Tuesday was the third anniversary of the mysterious death of Elian Karel, popular leader of the POK that died in the prison. 

More ahead in the day, which had been a pacific demonstration to a great extent given violent return when the crowd began to destroy to the buildings of the government and the presidential farm.  

A group of protestors more young people attacked the vehicles, sensational windows.  Injuries of smaller importance were disclosed. 

The reinforcements of the police were sent to the area and blocked the roads, and the skirmishes between the police and protestors exploded. 

The police used the tear gas to break for above to the unmanageable crowd.  The spokesmen of the government complemented the forces of the security for their direction of the "groups of the criminals" who interrupted.  



SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: Profile:  Elian Karel 

PUBLISHED: 2009/06/23


<<deleted the image of Elian Karel that spoke in a meeting in Abila>>

The voice of the protest for some, demagog for others, protective of popularist of the leader Elian Karel de Kronos became martyr and a point of the meeting for some; a figure of the disdain and rabblerousing for others, and a political preoccupation to the government of Kronosian, within a filled year event, accentuated by its suspicious death Friday. 

The leader of an environmental group forbearant of the activist, Karel had begun a trade name of the policy all his the own ones, that drove the POK in the projector of this nation of the island.

Supplied of fuel by a displeasure every greater time with the severe government of Kronosian, he began to lead the POK in a action-based organization, instead of whom he hoped his government to do aright of the things.

Reviving the live coals of the Julian Vann campaign, the girl of 10 years who died of the diseases attributed to the industrial useless currents of the government-favored corporation of GASTech in 1998, Karel was arrested and sent in the jail that follows an POK-initiated human barricade in front of the headquarters of GAStech in May. Karel died Wednesday whereas it served time in jail. The government of Kronos rejects the commentary on the circumstances of his death.

Something charismatic, Karel could inspire to a crowd and draw the attention to the social and political agenda of POK.   Once, after the Jr of the CEO Sten Sanjorge de GAStech compared the POK to a group of the terrorist in an interview of the press, Karel quipped, "Sanjorge is a leader shining of GAStech.  You know because he takes to a scale with him the supermarket?  He heard that the prices of food in Abila are really high."

Nevertheless, its capacity to hook in last instance with the intimidated government of Kronos never had been clear.  She is also confused who will now take its layer in the POK goes that it. 

 



SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: Kidnapped employees of GASTech in Kronos



PUBLISHED: 2014/01/21
Fourteen employees feared kidnapped in Kronos for radical an environmental group of the terrorist during a corporative meeting. 

They fear fourteen employees, including possibly to five executive officials, kidnapped yesterday by the "protectors of Kronos".  The disclosed disappear include: President and CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr, CFO Ingrid Barranco, Ada Campo-Corrente, COO Orhan Strum, and environmental official Willem Vasco-Pais.

The local organizations of the news have received a note of the rescue of the responsibility that she demanded and to demand of POK $20 million of the company.  It is possible additional demands is next.

Sanjorge and the others disappeared following a meeting of the Council in the headquarters of GASTech.  A fire alarm was extinguished, and execs disappeared shortly after discovered that one.  The complete list of all the missing employees has not been sent. 

Juan Rathburn, American expert in the executive kidnappings that are living in Tethys, says that Kronos has not been known as country archetype for the kidnapping. "Nevertheless, the increasing activity by POK, APA [army of people of Asterian], and others in the region have increased perceivably the risk."

The corresponding times in Abila say that the offices of GASTech are closed, and the telephone calls are only answering the referred local authorities.  

The corporative headquarters of GASTech in Tethys have rejected to comment. Nevertheless, other sources of the news have disclosed to Tethys federal civil employees of the application of law and the personnel of the ministry of Tethan of outer subjects has arrived in Kronos to attend police in the investigation.







SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: The pioneer of the gas of the slate plans first wells outside coast of the world in the Mediterranean Sea 

PUBLISHED: 1984/05/05

<<Deleted image: Demonstrator whom it perforates of Anti-offshore.  The exploration has proven an controversial edition in Kronos>>

To continue reading main history	

The son of the founder of the company of the gas that GAStech is planning a company to perforate inside the Mediterranean Sea, the times has learned.

Sten Sanjorge, Jr thinks that there are the great volumes of gas coast outside that could be extracted.

Sanjorge and GAStech were granted to three licenses by the government of Kronos the month last through the ministry of the energy and the development and hopes to begin the exploration soon.

"The gas certainly coast outside is not a new concept, but there is no reason with the history of Kronosian of the development coast outside that we cannot develop to these resources coast outside," he said the times.

The gas of the slate is extracted using the controversial technique of the hyperacid retirement of the substratum that implies injecting of acid layers of the slate of chemical agents, to break them for above and sending the catched natural gas inside.

The hyperacid retirement of the substratum has produced the extensive amounts of gas and oil in the one of the west, having transformed the market of the energy. But the projects in Europe have been slow to remove, surrounded with the opposition of the government and local communities.

Many ecologists think that the hyperacid retirement of the substratum can damage marine atmospheres, and oppose the extraction of the new resources of the fossil fuel. But perforating coast outside avoids the necessity of the difficult negotiations with the local advice, communities and landholders.

In agreement with existing geologic data, SanJorge thinks that a considerable amount of gas is in the place - up to 100 cubical feet trillón, that would be more than the estimations of GAStech for their terrestrial resources. There is also the possibility of finding the oil.

GAStech has considered that the resources coast outside of the gas of the slate of the total of Kronos could be between five and 10 times the terrestrial size of the available one of the resources.

"We are that the resource is there and the numbers are absolutely ginormous," said very comfortable SanJorge.  "Is anyone of that one explotable? That one is billion questions of the dollar, and GAStech wiling to invest in the answer."

Although it has gotten to be only recently controversial, the hyperacid retirement of the substratum has been used in one more a smaller scale by many years, to improve the gas and conventional well flow of the oil. But to use the process in a great amount of needed wells to extract the gas coast outside of the slate never has been made commercially.

Professor Oskar Wertz of the university of Tethys is skeptical around if the gas coast outside of the slate could be a great contribuidor to the European energy in the next decade, but says that he could have potential in the one of more long term.

"GAStech is being optimistic is its estimations of how long will take to explore the slate outside coast. He is perfectly reasonable that in 20, 30 or 40 years, the hyperacid technology of the retirement of the substratum will have so advanced and the way of which we took care outside of the ambient coast we will have so advanced that this could be a really great industry. The task in the 10 next years is to try these things towards outside, considers if they work." 

SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: The protests of Kronos explode in violence 

PUBLISHED: 2013/11/13

Journalist Shawn Pastorini says that the "deficiency of the respect" is supplying of fuel the protests

<< to continue reading main history >>	

The demonstrators in Abilia, Kronos have fixed the fire to the buildings of the government, in another round one of the malaise in this torn city

They have damaged to the dozens of people in the perceived corruption excessive of the government of the protests and the perceived incapacity of politicians to improve the situation.

To clean to the bullets and the tear rubber gas used to calm malaise in the capital Abila. The black smoke could be to come sight from the compound of the presidency in Abila.

<< to continue reading main history >>	

Protectors of the spokesman of Kronos indicated "in Kronos the inheritances of the environmental negligence and the deficiency of the preoccupation by means of people that little uniform hope of the change more. Therefore, the rage simmering per years, but now has boiled the excess"

To clean the used water to disperse to the demonstrators who sent stones in the building. There were also information of storming tried of the office.

"To populate the protest because they are suffering, because they do not have medical aid. We demand the government we resigned," Terek Kamal, a driver of the car, said the times.

The malaise began in previous Abila in the week, with protests on the dismissal of several employees of Kronosian of international giant the GAStech energy.  GAStech has its roots in Tethys, although many directors live in Kronos.

This one appears to be a case of the frustration simmering that it boils above.

The administration is highly of support of GAStech and its rent of tax to the boxes of the government - it looks like yet not to pay attention of any edition pressing but to its own packages on-means of the payment.

The environmental situation is desperate. The hundreds of rural citizens are suffering the important diseases caused apparently by the exhibition to the useless currents of GAStech, although this one has not been verified civil employee nor recognizes by the company or the government. 

That is what sparked the initial protests in Abila - but empathy with its cause brought demonstrators towards outside in cities through Kronos.  Initially pacific, these protest are more and more violent now, and take to the police and to the citizens in sometimes fatal shooting.  

They quote president Dorel Kapelou II of Kronos then saying he would be summoning an urgent meeting of the superior direction to deal with the "threat the terrorist" in the country.

SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: Penetration of an expert: prospering like foreign CEO in Kronos 

PUBLISHED: 2014/03/26
17 of January of 1995


The Fluss hank is CEO of GAStech, main industry of Krono by more than 15 years, after its discovery of its immense gas fields near the city of Elodis.

Fluss, has worked with dozens of foreign CEOs on the years. Nevertheless, it has humble principles like prospector of the oil and the gas in Tethys. 

He spoke to the times on the characteristics of a leader guessed right in Kronos and what foreign CEOs can hope in the market. 

Q:  What can foreign CEOs wait for when it comes to Kronos?

A: The economic atmosphere has changed from years 80. He is much more hard to be successful today. Foreign necessity of CEOs to play under its expectations. There are no easy triumphs in Kronos. The foreign competition between Kronosian and companies are resistant. It is difficult to gain the hearts and the minds of the population.

But there is less difference than people think between the culture of Kronosian and, culture of Tethian of the opinion. The personnel of Kronos works hardly like hardly, she is respectful of her work and has he himself desire for the success. Also they know to appreciate to the efficient communication and a talented leader.

What foreign leader needs to do it is to learn how to communicate the "way of Kronosian" and to take time to understand its personnel.

Q:  Can you elaborate?

A: There are many cultural differences in communicating. [Considerar] the notes. Foreign CEOs always confused and is frustrated when somebody in Kronos sends a note [] and counts on a simple answer of yes/no. In place they obtain a very long answer that it does not answer its initial question.

The people of Kronos do not have taste to take responsibility. They scare it to lose his works and she does not have taste of being forced in saying something that it does not wish a. Foreign necessity of CEOs to take this in consideration and to need to take the time to understand how to communicate.

The patience is key. The transparency can be an excellent way to obtain around this. It is an European value that Kronosians is very responsivo a. The imposition of him in a company can make the trip of a foreign CEO in Kronos a much more pleasant experience.

Q:  Which is the challenges of the pipe a foreign CEO can do in front on arrival in Kronos?

A: It is sometimes the simplest things that they can be desafiadoras, like obtaining of A to B in a taxi. The power to obtain around is taken easily for granted and not being able to do so it creates a great sense of the insecurity. In Kronos you never are safe if his conductor falls to him dull in the feasible line. This can look like as a small edition but on a daily base is very annoying.

Another one is becoming familiar with its equipment and with whom you are working. The often foreign right of the passage of CEOs of the plane and in an office completely of the fellow workers of Kronos. They do not have any idea that is, how they work or how they are described are. This can be confused. 

Q:  Can you give some extremities in how a foreign CEO can prepare yourself?

A: The first thing that would say is to prepare its family. They can find it difficult to adapt to the new surroundings of work. This can affect personal life. The family and the work who mix themselves are practical very common here. The people of Kronos work in extra hours and socialize with her colleagues. It is very different from Tethys where there is a clear limit between the work and the family.

Foreign CEOs must also make how he is resistant is the competition and how much hard work must be put inside to be successful -- often much more that in its countries of origin. The language is a great edition.

[But] does not concern you at the most is prepared, the true experience of the work and to live in Kronos it will always surprise to him.

Q:  How difficult - or easy - is to being a foreign CEO in Kronos?

A: Generally, I think that being a CEO he is hard. There are many of pressure, the atmosphere is resistant and is difficult to find a balance with its personal life.

When an equipment of hears them to Kronos that a CEO is coming from overseas assumes is a problem. But, cultural they do not have an edition with the foreigners. 

Q:  Hay the situations in which the foreign executive being is really an advantage?

A: This question really depends on the person and how much they invest to understand the country and the culture. If they do not deliver any attack then to locate he is a net one harms. But in certain negotiations or certain editions such as luxury merchandize, foreign CEOs can be an advantage. They can bring another point of view, facilitate the process.

The foreign CEO has better knowledge of an industry and can sometimes bring the access to the overseas markets. This can be true assets.

SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: The industry of the oil and the gas of Kronos has noticed that it faces his "greater challenge of 20 years" of due to the low levels of the exploration.



PUBLISHED: 2012/02/22


The civil employees of the energy of the government said that only 15 wells were perforated the last year.

That was in spite of strong levels of the investment, reaching a year last of registry and maintained east year.

Perforating of the exploration was down from 26 wells six years ago, it is only sufficient to recover a fraction of the considered oil and to provide with remaining gas in the countries oil and the gas fields.

The "fields of Kronos contain an abundance of oil and the gas still that will be and she is critical we find means to give return around to the present state of the exploration" - of energy minister Julio Jecovic

The annual survey on the activity by Oil and the gas Kronos found an increase fast in production costs, above for of 15% the last year.

The average cost to extract an oil barrel was in favor for above of only 27% of a year, to reach K17.

The number of fields with cost by barrel on K30 has doubled in the 12 last months.

The increasing prices were mentioned the week last through GAStech, that is considering the future investments in Norway and North America, rather that the fields of Kronos.

With increasing prices, one hopes that the payments of the tax from the production to the Property of Kronos lower of K3.5bn during budgetary exercise 2011-12 to K2bn in the present year.


After the fast declination in the production of the oil and the gas of the fields of Kronos these last years, the index of the fall was slowed down down during 2012 - by the barrels of 8% to of .83m of oil per day, or its equivalent ones of the gas.

To continue reading main history	

Fields those "of indicated Kronos Jecovic contain an abundance of oil and the gas still that will be and she is critical we find means to give return around to the present state of the exploration. The availability and the access of the equipment to the capital are the two main barriers known by our ministry."



SOURCE: Everyday News

TITLE: Hospitals of Abila that see the affluence of the designer drug users


PUBLISHED: 2013/02/09
The department of the emergency in the general hospital of Abila in Kronos has been sunk in the month last through the people who underwent medical complications of designer drugs such as "caramel of cotton" and synthetic marijuana, civil employee of the hospital this.

"We have had at least two cases dozen in the last month," said Alicia Bianca, in charge of the nurse of the department. "They crush to Us literally."

Bianca said that it never has seen east level of the activity related to the overdoses of the drug in the seven years that it has handled the department of the emergency and in the 20 years she has been nurse.

The authorities in the "caramel of cotton this Abila" could have been a factor in the death of the Potter de Ralf of 54 years, that contusionaron and the naked body was found the 4 of February throughout a way of the deadlock. The investigators are waiting information of the toxicología to determine the cause of their death. Citywide, several deaths have been attributed to the "caramel of cotton" according to the national center of the poison of Kronos.

The patients are coming to the general of Abila through the greater region of the city, and include to adults and the socioeconomic youths, man and female, and all bottoms, Bianca this.

Sgt Antonio Arresta of the body of firemen of Abila, first-responder to the medical calls of the emergency in the city, said that its department also has considered a point in the number of the people who needed the treatment for the complications designer drugs. "We went of calls zero to a handful of calls" in the last month," he said.

Bianca and Arresta these their efforts to treat people become more difficult because they often do not know any thing on the designer drugs that were taken.

"You do not know what you are obtaining when obtain you it," to Bianca this. "We have done that the patients come inside and who act outside control, that is very violent. They say to us that there are been making the caramel of cotton or the synthetic marijuana."

Bianca this is few clinical data there on the effects of the cotton caramel, because he is toxicant that emerges. "There are studies no controlled in toxicología," she said. The national center of the poison gathers anecdotal information on overdose of hospitals and other suppliers like part of efforts to offer advice on how treating patients.

The designer drugs are composed chemical synthesized to resemble itself the active often illegal drug ingredient. The caramel of mímico cotton khat of the drug, a stimulant. The manufacturers frequently change to the chemical composition and its name of the drug of designer to the passage in front of authorities, Biance of the stay a saying. "It is another way to sell it," she said.

The caramel of cotton of the term, for example, is a nickname of the drug and it does not have anything to do with convite of the carnival. The drug has been sold under the name of the "spice soña" one week and under the name of the "flower of tulipán" the following one. 

The government of Kronos has put three of chemical agents of general use in the creation of the caramel of cotton in his controlled list of the substance, criminalizing his use and possession. However, the government cannot caramel of absolute cotton of the interdiction because the manufacturers can alter the prescription and border the law, Bianca this. The drugs are sold in line as products of the "herbaria therapy" and are available on the accountant in warehouses of the area.

"Still we do not know what you are obtaining with the cotton caramel. The chemical composition varies of the package to the package," Bianca this.

A factor for the reputation of the cotton caramel is his low cost, Bianca this. She said a gram of costs of the cotton caramel on K18 whereas a gram of cocaine costs K166.

The cotton caramel creates euphoria, or an overflow, to which it is equal or greater than than of the cocaine but also cause to collapse that is worse, Bianca this. The people often soon of badly the effects of the collapse to go of borrachera in the cotton caramel to the point where they consume the drug per days. They yearn for "It," she said.

After he is repeated the use, "the cold" drug the brain of a person, draining the chemical agents that balance their operations. This leads sometimes to the strange behavior, often sicopático that has been disclosed in the means, such as the case of the naked man in Elodis that was operation found under the center of an important highway, Bianca this. "The graspings and delusions are incredible," she said.

Whereas it is not still certain who is behind the distribution of this round one of designer drugs, the organized crime suspected the police is persecuting this great source of the rent. The army of people of Asterian been has implied traditionally with drug traffic through the region, and the agencies of the application are fence examinee the possible cooperation between the insurgent organizations of drug traffic and political groups.





