SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: GAStech 

PUBLISHED: 22 February 2013

It is the biggest company in Kronos, the third largest gas company on the planet, and it is fifty-three years old. In the past it has had a reputation as corrupt and environmentally harmful, but nowadays GAStech, the former Tethys-only business, is trying to earn the trust of international investors. This forms part of its ambitions to expand its profitable business supplying gas outside of the Mediterranean region.

It is an uphill task, and there is no certainty that Gastech has the ability to convince potential investors it has mended its ways, and is no longer rooted in the eco-hostile past.
GAStech's pipeline operations are based in eastern Kronos, and there is close relationship with the Kronosian government. This is the heart of Kronos's pipeline business, where gas from the eastern gas fields is piped west towards the rest of Kronos, Tethys and Europe.

GAStech does more than just pump gas. It has created towns and cities to service its operations, which it manages and runs almost single-handed.
The head of GAStech, Sten Sanjorge, Jr, whose photo stares out from calendars and picture frames everywhere in the country, acknowledges the "state within a state" accusations, but argues that the company simply needs to look after its workers and the communities around them.

Of course, people need good reasons to come and work in the hostile remote Kronosian regions. They are provided with medical care, entertainment, and food. The GAStech empire owns 2 thousand cows and 3 thousand pigs in its company farms, runs gyms, and offers subsidised holidays in Black Sea resorts for key employees. For executives, it runs a state of the art, marble-lined medical and therapy centre.

In addition to all of these perks, there is also the GAStech TV station, which doesn't even pretend to be unbiased. It's there to serve the company's will.

It hardly seems the picture of a modern global company, as most of those have unceremoniously dumped their "non-core activities". There is an argument, however, that the energy business is different from other industries, requiring energy corporations to operate in distinct ways.

Working in far-off places with no previous infrastructure means oil and gas sites will always be, to some extent, company towns. GAStech certainly strives to ensure its employees can move in and out of these locations by operating a private fleet of four planes to ferry its staff the huge distances between sites.
SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: GASTech Employees Kidnapped in Kronos

PUBLISHED: 21 January 2014  1405
Fourteen employees feared kidnapped in Kronos by a radical environmental terrorist group during a corporate gathering. 

Fourteen employees, including possibly five executive officers, are feared kidnapped yesterday by the "Protectors of Kronos".  Reported missing includes: GAStech President and CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr,CFO Ingrid Barranco, CIO Ada Campo-Corrente, COO Orhan Strum, and Environmental Officer Willem Vasco-Pais.

Local news organizations have received a ransom note from the POK claiming responsibility and demanding $20 Million from the company.  It is possible additional demands are forthcoming.

Sanjorge and the others disappeared following a board meeting at GASTech headquarters.  A fire alarm went off, and the execs were discovered missing shortly after that.  The complete list of all the unaccounted-for employees has not been released. 
John Rathburn, an American expert on executive kidnappings who is living in Tethys, says that Kronos has not been known as an archetypal country for kidnapping. "However, increased activity by POK, APA [Asterian People's Army], and others in the region have significantly increased the risk."

The Times's correspondent in Abila says GASTech offices are closed, and phone calls are being answered but referred to local authorities.  

GASTech's corporate headquarters in Tethys have refused to comment. However, other news sources have reported Tethys federal law enforcement officials and staff from the Tethan Ministry of Foreign Affairs have arrived in Kronos to assist police in the investigation.



SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: Kronos' oil and gas industry has warned it faces its "biggest challenge in 20 years" due to the low levels of exploration.

PUBLISHED: 20 February 2012

Government energy officials said only 15 wells were drilled last year.
That was despite strong levels of investment, reaching a record last year and sustained this year.
Exploration drilling was down from 26 wells six years ago, only sufficient to recover a fraction of the estimated oil and gas remaining in the countries oil and gas fields.


"Kronos' fields contain an abundance of oil and gas yet to be found and it is critical we find the means to turn the current state of exploration around" -Energy Minister Jules Jecovic
The annual activity survey by Oil and Gas Kronos found a rapid increase in production costs, up by 15% last year.
The average cost of extracting a barrel of oil was up by 27% in only a year, to reach K17.
The number of fields with cost per barrel above K30 has doubled in the last 12 months.
Rising costs were cited last week by GAStech, which is considering future investments in Norway and North America, rather than Kronos fields.

With rising costs, production tax payments to the Kronos Treasury are expected to fall from K3.5bn during the 2011-12 financial year to K2bn in the current year.

Following the rapid decline in oil and gas production from Kronos fields in recent years, the rate of fall slowed during 2012 - down by 8% to .83m barrels of oil per day, or its gas equivalent.

Continue reading the main story	

Jecovic stated "Kronos' fields contain an abundance of oil and gas yet to be found and it is critical we find the means to turn the current state of exploration around. Equipment availability and access to capital are the two main barriers noted by our Ministry."

SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: Profile:  Elian Karel 

PUBLISHED: 22 June 2009

<<deleted image of Elian Karel speaking at a rally in Abila>>
Voice of protest for some, popularist demagogue for others, Protectors of Kronos leader Elian Karel became a martyr and a rallying point for some; a figure of disdain and rabblerousing for others, and a political concern to the Kronosian government, within an event filled year, accented by his suspicious death on Friday. 

The leader of a forbearant environmental activist group, Karel had started a brand of politics all his own, that propelled the POK into the spotlight of this island nation.

Fueled by a growing dissatisfaction with the heavy-handed Kronosian government, he started driving the POK into an action-based organization, instead of one waiting for their government to make things aright.


Resurrecting the embers of the Juliana Vann campaign, the 10 year old girl who died from illnesses attributed to the government-favored GASTech corporation's industrial waste streams in 1998, Karel was arrested and thrown in jail following a POK-initiated human roadblock in front of GAStech headquarters in May. Karel died Wednesday while serving time in jail. The government of Kronos refuses comment on the circumstances of his death.

Rather charismatic, Karel was able to inspire a crowd and draw attention to the POK social and political agenda.  He could also tickle the funny bone of his audiences.  Once, after GAStech CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr. likened the POK to a terrorist group in a press interview, Karel  quipped, "Sanjorge is a brilliant leader of GAStech. Do you know why he takes a ladder with him to the supermarket?  He heard that food prices in Abila are really high."

However, his ability to engage ultimately with the strong armed Kronos government had never been clear.  It is also unclear who will take his mantle in the POK now he is gone. 
 

SOURCE: International Times

TITLE: Abila police break up sit-in turned violent at the presidential manor 

PUBLISHED: 20 June 2012

Traffic snarled around the city as Abilians struggle to get to work amid vandalism and looting
Early on Tuesday police stormed the front of the presidential mansion and the capital building, breaking up a sit in by the Protectors of Kronos.

Other activist groups have joined the protesting faction in solidarity and a bigger rally was predicted for later in the day.
The conservative Kronos government used an emergency law to threaten the protestors with arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The row is over environmental issues the POK holds the government and the gas giant GAStech international responsible.
The rallies had begun peacefully, however more destructive activities have escalated as the crowds became more restless. 
Signs among the protester called for government change and social equality.  Images of Juliana Vann, the 10 year old girl who died from illnesses attributed to the industrial giant GAStech international served as rallying points.

People heading to a pro-government counter-rally were attacked by POK supporters, and later shots were fired.  
Tuesday was the third anniversary of the mysterious death of Elian Karel, a popular leader of the POK who died in prison. 
Later in the day, what had been a largely peaceful demonstration turned violent when the crowd started vandalizing government buildings and the presidential homestead.  

A group of younger protestors attacked vehicles, smashing windows.  Minor injuries were reported. 
Police reinforcements were sent to the area and blocked roads, and skirmishes between the police and protestors broke out. 
Police used tear gas to break up the unruly crowd.  Government spokesmen complemented the security forces for their handling of the "gangs of criminals" disrupting the peace.  

SOURCE: International Times

PUBLISHED: 21 October 2013

TITLE: Interpol has announced the formation of a new multi-country task force

Interpol has announced the formation of a new multi-country task force to combat the increasingly wide distribution of the drug methyldimethyl cathinone (MDMC).  Heading the task force is Senior Inspector Robert Loblaw, a veteran officer who led the very successful Tethys Counterdrug Team.  He is optimistic that he can identify the source.

"These designer drugs have certain clues as to their origin," Loblaw told the Times in an interview.  "Every time the recipe is changed, it leaves clues as to who made it.  It's like a pedigree."

This particular blend of the drug MDMC, also known by its street names "cotton candy", "spice dreams" and "Tulip Blossom", was found previously only in Asteria but has made its way to the streets of Tethys and other international countries.

"I'll be looking hard at the activities of the Asterian People's Army," Loblaw said.  "Our previous investigations pointed to them as the source of this particular formulation."

The Asterian People's Army (APA) is a paramilitary organization which has been engaged in terrorist activities funded through its criminal enterprises, which include drug trafficking.  In recent years the APA has sought to build their brand through websites and the publication of a professional, high-quality magazine called "Arise".

Senior Inspector Loblaw says the Tethys public statistics indicate MDMC is a growing problem with the country's youth.  "An increase in mental health problems, including hallucinations and paranoia, accompanied by violent behavior and a marked increase in suicide rates are only a few of the indicators of the usage of this designer drug."

"As a first step we have alerted port officials to be on the lookout for suspicious shipments of insecticides and detergent, both similar in appearance to MDMC."



SOURCE: International Times 
TITLE: Leadership   
 
PUBLISHED: 4 October 1982 
 
In a Times article from 2 October, it was stated that GASTech president Sten Sanjorge was now less active in the day to day operations of the company.  GASTech representatives informed the Times that Sanjorge is as active as ever and providing daily "inspirational guidance" to the organization.  The Times stands by its original assertions.     
SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: Global disasters drain charity coffers

PUBLISHED: 14 November 1999
New appeals campaigns on the horizon to maintain liquidity.
Aid agencies have warned that the monetary and food needs have increased worldwide and that they may not be able to meet basic needs.
The UN Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs says that 15 million people remain in need of vital goods and services, because the number and severity of crises has resulted in a lack of "food, healthcare, and access to livelihoods."
One new aid group, CARING Singapore has been recently formed In response to the conflict in Kosovo.  Dr. Jayala Mahmed was unable to find an existing organization to sponsor her to volunteer her medical services there.  CARING Singapore has sent five missions to Kosovo to provide mobile medical care.  They have also launched a fundraising effort in collaboration with the governments of Malaysia.  "We stand ready to help, but funding is difficult to find," stated Dr. Mahmed. "So much is needed but so much has already been spent."
Thirteen people were injured on Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, as people mobbed a government relief convoy, officials said.  Some 20,000 people are feared dead in the two earthquakes that have occurred this year.  CARING Singapore has dispatched relief teams to Turkey.

Yet, aid organizations are stretched to their limits.  Wellness for All assisted ad-hoc emergency medical teams during the September earthquake in central Taiwan that measured 7.3 on the Richter scale.  "The response from the Emergency Teams was impressive, but uncoordinated," stated a Wellness for All spokesperson.  "We were never sure if we were headed to locations most desperate.  We soon ran out of medicines and funds to support our aid teams and had to return home."  While the global press reported over 2500 people were killed and 100,000 buildings were destroyed, local press reported people felt they were being properly cared for and declined relief aid. 
The Global Emergency Disaster Organization report their members are doing all they can to get aid through to earthquake victims, but they need a huge injections of funds to do so.  
Jim Cordon, from the disaster relief charity FoodSupport told the times "I think that the lack of funds are responsible for an increase of attacks on food convoys, consequently deterring a lot of aid agencies from getting in there."


SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: Kronos protests break out in violence 

PUBLISHED: 12 November 2013

Journalist Shawn Pastorini says "lack of respect" is fuelling the protests
<< Continue reading the main story >>	
Demonstrators in Abilia, Kronos have set fire to government buildings, in another round of unrest in this torn city
Dozens of people have been injured in protests over perceived government corruption and perceived inability of politicians to improve the situation.
Police used rubber bullets and tear gas to quell unrest in the capital Abila . Black smoke could be seen coming from the presidency compound in Abila.
<< Continue reading the main story >>	
A Protectors of Kronos spokesperson stated "In Kronos the legacies of the environmental neglect and lack of concern for the people mean that few even hope for change anymore. For this reason, anger has been simmering for years, but now it has boiled over"
Police used water to disperse the protesters who were throwing stones at the building. There were also reports of an attempted storming of the office.
"People protest because they are suffering, because they don't have medical help. We demand the government resign," Terek Kamal, a truck driver, told the Times.
The unrest began in Abila earlier in the week, with protests over the dismissal of several Kronosian employees from energy giant GAStech International.  GAStech has its roots in Tethys, although many directors live in Kronos.
This appears to be a case of simmering frustration boiling over.


The administration is highly supportive of GAStech and its tax income to the government coffers - yet seems to ignore any pressing issues but its own above-average pay packets.
The environmental  situation is desperate. Hundreds of rural citizens are suffering major illnesses apparently caused by exposure to GAStech waste streams, although this has not been official substantiated or acknowledge by either the company or government. 


That is what sparked the initial protests in Abila - but empathy with their cause brought demonstrators out in towns across Kronos.  Initially peaceful, these protest are now increasingly violent, and both police and citizens are caught in sometime fatal crossfire.  
Kronos President  Dorel Kapelou II is quoted as saying he would be calling an urgent meeting of the top leadership to address the "terrorist threat to peace" in the country.
SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: Kronos's Protectors of Kronos declared 'terrorist group'

PUBLISHED: 22 February 2009

<<Deleted image: POK has held numerous demonstrations in Kronos's capital of Abila>>
Continue reading the main story	
The government of Kronos has declared the Protectors of Kronos a terrorist group after blaming it for a deadly attack on police headquarters earlier this week.
Several of its supporters have been arrested in a crackdown.
A POK leader vowed that protests would continue.
Government spokesman Rufus Drymiau announced the move, which will give the authorities more power to crack down on the POK.
He said that those who belonged to the group, financed it or promoted its activities would face punishment.
Continue reading the main story	
The Protectors of Kronos
    Kronos's oldest and largest environmental activist organization
    Founded in 1997.
    Influenced by international groups such as Wellness for All
    Mixes political activism with environmental work
    Rejects use of violence and supports democratic principles

    Slogan: "Justice for Juliana", a reference to a 10-year old Kronosian girl who died as a result of government sponsored environmental contamination 

    

The decision was in response to Tuesday's bombing of a police headquarters in Abila, he said.
"Kronos was horrified from north to south by the hideous crime committed by the POK," Mr. Drymiau said.
"This was in context of dangerous escalation to violence against Kronos and Kronosians and a clear declaration by the POK that it knows nothing but violence.
"It's not possible for Kronos the state nor Kronos the people to submit to the POK terrorism."

Kronos would notify Tethys who had signed a 1998 anti-terrorism treaty of the decision, he added.
POK supporters

The POK has denied being responsible for the attack, and accused the Kronos government of staging a frame-up to silence the groups concerns for the people.
A POK member told the Times that the government's decision was "illegitimate".
He added: "The protests will continue, certainly."

SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: Four people have died in a fiery road crash near Elodis 

PUBLISHED: 18 March 2007

A nine-year old boy initially survived the crash and had been flown to Abila Children's Hospital, but was declared dead on arrival. 
Police say they have a 25 year old truck driver in custody at the Elodis jail.
Officers say a car burst into flames after colliding with a GAStech truck on Calistermi Road just before 9AM (KDT).
A Kronos disaster victim identification team was sent to examine the wreckage.
Assistant Police Commissioner Adian Koppolis described the scene as "horrific".

He said the nine-year old boy was found wandering around the accident site.
"It's tragic that no one ultimately survived.  The roads out here can be treacherous when you are not constantly vigilant while driving," he said.
He noted that the truck passed into the intersection when the car had the right of way.  
SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: Centrum's central role in the Tethan Gas Industry 

PUBLISHED: 2 October 1982

The world of gas is distant, difficult and far flung. In Tethys a few years ago, I journeyed laboriously to the remote gas fields of Tethys to look at a contentious new energy producing area.
One of the sites I visited was a local office of the Sanjorge Gas company, crammed with reinforced work boots and overalls and the chemicals and supplies you need to run a gas operation. As I remember it, a former trucker was in charge.
It was a vivid example of how a once small exploration company from Thethys had begun to grow into a mighty international force in the energy industry.
But I'd forgotten about the encounter until I went back to Tethys the other day for the first time since their early years, to reacquaint with the man who created the business, Sten Sanjorge: one man (one of the richest individuals in Tethys) who has lived through the whole story of gas prospecting and prospered mightily from it.
But as I went round the capital city of Centrum interviewing people, I soon realised that this was not just a story of new energy. Something very significant has happened to turn Centrum into a global centre of gas industry expertise. From what's developed in the capital city there are important lessons for other places blessed (and cursed) with abundant natural resources.
"Centrum developed world class expertise in engineering in very difficult surroundings"

When I was a young newspaperman on the Daily Record in Glasgow in the early 1970s, the great off-shore oil rush was beginning in the North Sea. It then seemed a pretty impossible dream, turning an island of coal into a place with abundant oil and gas supplies.
It seemed to us on the west coast of Scotland that the far flung city of Centrum, Tethys was getting a bit big for its boots, starting to believe in a new fantasy industry.
Much to his mother's regrets, meanwhile, Sten Sanjorge had started prospecting in the early 1960s.

By the early 1970s, a new gas company, GAStech, began its juggernaut-like advances.
Under his canny guidance, GAStech evolved into a major supplier of natural gas to the local region, and then much further afield. It now has thousands employees and operates in numerous countries. 

The change in Centrum has been substantial.  You notice them in the constant clutter of helicopters to-ing and fro-ing out to remote areas, and the planes lined up at the city's airport to shuttle execs back and forth from the city.
And as you drive round Centrum, almost every roundabout is sponsored by a division of GAStech. 

Sanjorge has recently started paying more attention to leisure activities and philanthropy, allowing his son Sten Jr. and co-founder Hank Fluss to run the company. But Sanjorge has just been asked to produce a report for the Tethan government recommending the best ways of ensuring that Tethys continues to produce energy for decades to come.

The easy-to-get stuff has been produced, so keeping the gas coming will need much investment and more clever new techniques, such as the hyper-acidic substrate removal techniques developed by the company in 1974. 
So thanks to clever people such as Sten Sanjorge and the people who work with him, Centrum has achieved what every place where raw materials are discovered longs to do. The city has taken the temporary boon of energy on its doorstep, and turned it into specialized knowledge and intellectual property which may make Centrum a centre of gas expertise long after the gas itself runs out.

SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: Abila Hospitals Seeing Influx of Designer Drug Users

PUBLISHED: 7 February 2013
The Emergency Department at Abila General Hospital in Kronos has been swamped in the last month by people suffering medical complications from designer drugs such as "cotton candy" and synthetic marijuana, a hospital official said.
"We have had at least two dozen cases in the last month," said Alicia Bianca, nurse manager of the department. "We are literally overwhelmed."
Bianca said she has never seen this level of activity related to drug overdoses in the seven years she has managed the Emergency Department and in the 20 years she has been a nurse.

Authorities in Abila said "cotton candy" may have been a factor in the death of 54-year-old Ralf Potter, whose bruised and naked body was found February 4 along a dead-end road. Investigators are awaiting toxicology reports to determine the cause of his death. Citywide, several deaths have been attributed to "Cotton Candy" according to the Kronos National Poison Center.


Patients are coming to Abila General from throughout the greater city region, and they include adults and youths, male and female, and all socio-economic backgrounds, Bianca said.


Sgt Antonio Arresta of the Abila Fire Department, a first-responder to emergency medical calls in the city, said his department has also seen a spike in the number of people needing treatment for complications from designer drugs. "We went from zero calls to a handful of calls" in the last month," he said.
Bianca and Arresta said their efforts to treat people is made more difficult because they often do not know anything about the designer drugs that were taken.
"You don't know what you're getting when you get it," Bianca said. "We have had patients come in and act out of control, who are very violent. They tell us they have been doing cotton candy or synthetic marijuana."
Bianca said there is little clinical data on the effects of cotton candy, as it is an emerging toxicant. "There are no controlled studies in toxicology," she said. The national poison center collects anecdotal reports on overdoses from hospitals and other providers as part of efforts to offer advice on how to treat patients.
Designer drugs are chemical compounds synthesized to resemble the active ingredient in often illegal drugs. Cotton candy mimics the drug khat, a stimulant. Manufacturers frequently change the designer drug's chemical composition and its name to stay one step ahead of authorities, Biance said. "It is another way to sell it," she said.
The term cotton candy, for example, is a nickname of the drug and has nothing to do with the carnival treat. The drug has been sold under the name of "Spice Dreams" one week and under the name of "Tulip Blossom" the next. 
The Kronos government has placed three of the chemicals commonly used in the creation of cotton candy on its controlled substance list, criminalizing their use and possession. Still, the government cannot outright ban cotton candy because manufacturers can alter the recipe and skirt the law, Bianca said. The drugs are sold online as "herbal therapy" products and are available over the counter in area stores.
"We still don't know what you are getting with cotton candy. The chemical composition varies from package to package," Bianca said.
One factor for the popularity of cotton candy is its low cost, Bianca said. She said a gram of cotton candy costs about K18 while a gram of cocaine costs K166.

Cotton candy creates euphoria, or a high, that is equal to or greater than that of cocaine but also causes a crash that is worse, Bianca said. The crash's ill-effects often prompt people to binge on cotton candy to the point where they consume the drug for days. "They crave it," she said.
After repeated use, the drug "fries" a person's brain, draining the chemicals that balance its operations. This sometimes leads to bizarre, often psychotic behavior that has been reported in the media, such as the case of the naked man in Elodis who was found running down the middle of a major highway, Bianca said. "The seizures and delusions are incredible," she said.
While it is not yet certain who is behind the distribution of this round of designer drugs, police suspect organized crime is pursuing this large income source. The Asterian People's Army has traditionally been involved with drug trafficking throughout the region, and enforcement agencies are closely examining possible cooperation between drug trafficking organizations and political insurgent groups.


SOURCE: International Times
TITLE: Shale gas pioneer plans world's first offshore wells in Mediterranean Sea 

PUBLISHED: 3 May 1984

<<Deleted Image: Anti-offshore drilling protester.  Exploration has proved a controversial issue in Kronos>>
Continue reading the main story	
The son of the founder of gas firm GAStech is planning a venture to drill in the Mediterranean Sea, the Times has learned.
Sten Sanjorge, Jr. believes there are large volumes of offshore gas that could be extracted.
Sanjorge and GAStech were awarded three licences by the Kronos government last month by the Ministry for Energy and Development and hopes to begin exploration soon.
"Certainly offshore gas isn't a new concept, but there's no reason with the Kronosian history of offshore development that we can't develop these resources offshore," he told the Times.

Shale gas is extracted using the controversial technique of hyper-acidic substrate removal which involves injecting acidic chemicals shale layers, to break them up and release the natural gas trapped within.

Hyper-acidic substrate removal has produced vast quantities of gas and oil in the West, transforming the energy market. But projects in Europe have been slow to take off, beset with opposition from government and local communities.
Sanjorge says it will be a short time before we know if offshore shale gas can be exploited.

Many environmentalists believe that hyper-acidic substrate removal can damage marine environments, and oppose the extraction of new fossil fuel resources. But drilling offshore avoids the need for difficult negotiations with local councils, communities and landholders.

Based on existing geological data, SanJorge believes that a considerable quantity of gas is in place - up to 100 trillion cubic feet, which would be more than GAStech's estimates for its onshore resources. There is also the possibility of finding oil.
GAStech has estimated that the Kronos total offshore shale gas resources could be between five and 10 times the size of the resources available onshore.

"We're very comfortable that the resource is there and the numbers are absolutely ginormous," SanJorge said. "Is any of that exploitable? That's the billion dollar question, and GAStech is wiling to invest in the answer."

Though it has only recently become controversial, hyper-acidic substrate removal has been used on a smaller scale for many years, to improve the flow from conventional oil and gas wells. But using the process on the large numbers of wells needed to extract offshore shale gas commercially has never been done.
Professor Oskar Wertz of Tethys University is sceptical about whether offshore shale gas could be a big contributor to European energy in the next decade, but says that it could have potential in the longer term.

"GAStech is being optimistic is its estimates of how long it will take to explore offshore shale. It's perfectly plausible that in 20, 30 or 40 years, the hyper-acidic substrate removal technology will have so advanced and the way in which we deal with the offshore environment will have so advanced that this could be a really big industry. The task in the next 10 years is to try these things out, see if they work." 
