SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: POK REMIND LEADER MARTYRED

PUBLISHED: 2012/06/21


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

In LEADERs of moving ceramics Wednesday of activist the group guards of Kronos homage paid to their cases LEADER, Elian Karel, who on 19 June 2009 whereas resistance worker is held in a prison Kronos assassination.

We collect us today to remind Elian Karel, Silvia Marek told rap assembly, much of which supported white candles in the honor of Karel.

Elian were on an agriculture company Elodis of this born not 40 minutes, to Jeroen and Antaura Karel.  He grew with the phantom of dead around him.   By the time that Elian 17 much of its family members and the friends constant sickness poisoning, including its neighbor 10 were years - old Juliana Vann. 

Marek paused a moment to permit the shouts of Juliana! to remind to disappear slowly.

Elian are devoted life to people of Elodis as well as all citizens of Kronos, such as its father by him.  Elian knew a difficult travel of him would be.  He had on its father, Jeroen and the founder of POK, the pace of Henk Bodrogi actual gone paid attention which he would enter.  Elian did not know the course easy, would be and little time for personal living would leave.  But nevertheless he preferred those taking measures in spite of the challenges which he he. under eyes see will have blamed

Travel three years concluded of Elian suffered today.  But is not dream died with him.  And it is that vision of healthy and we must honor thriving future for all here today.

In the course of the afternoon different other participants not only paid homage to Elian, but everyone who victims of the milieucatastrofe who become by cupidity and corruption of public civil servants are brought about have been. 

Collecting was brought in the war only by the worsening presence of police force Abila in babbling couples.  The police force acted much of the mob, causing them the assembly must left rather than with batons and peper spray are stormed.







SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: IN MEMORY:  THE DEATH OF ELIAN KAREL, A LATER YEAR

PUBLISHED: 2010/06/21


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

One year suffered young people died today in search of a rosier future for its compatriots in cold, cement prison.  He was attended only by apathetic guards which had been charged with holding him awaiting a research for tax fraud.  In place of it, ever in the early morning hours of 19 June, Elian Karel with wounds inexplicable with the official cause of death died.

The report that by the Coroner of the city Abila in July 2010 is released wrote the death of Karel to sudden cardiac arrest, and the research had been closed soon afterwards.  The nameless sources near at the research, however, have issued witness declaration which the shown signs of Karel body of bone strength traumatism, abrasion and cracks prevented that within hours by its dead.

The police force has denied uncommon no matter what in death happened of Karel and the town civil servants require the charges of assassination and the unlawful dead by POK rabble-rousers trying instability and recall violence are claimed.

In the year since the death of Karel the guards of Kronos have continued to the task require and that the government Kronos conducts a policy of transparency in government matter, the foreign companies responsible to keep which polluted natural wealth has Kronosian.

The verdedigers continue themselves group in public places, stipulated that their shouts for justice are heard.  Now mixed with chants of remind Juliana! one can hear also the shouts Elian! to remind.





SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: THE END OF PROTESTS POK IN ARRESTS


PUBLISHED: 2005/04/06


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

Fifteen members of the guards of Kronos the activist organization (of POK) was arrested Kronos federal police force yesterday after a dispute at the ports of the facility of GAStech of bending Tiskele.

Protesters came close weapons to paddle and movement to stop that and the facility leaves enters.  By 8 am had the local time, movement security copy on both sides of the ports.  Swinging, sang protesters  protest songs, are including this  country, songs of the farmer and the weavers of our birth country

Then arresting protesters POK started the federal police force, moved themselves they in a neat manner in waiting police force van, which sings the complete time.



 

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: ELODIS, KRONOS:  AID OF UNEXPECTED part two

PUBLISHED: 1998/04/26


LOCATION: This Article is the second of  three

This Article is the second advance of a three-part range the tackling growing problem of one fear of the community, government indictable offense, and the alarming influence of multinational companies on the country of Kronos.

I met Henk Bodrogi which in city in purchases make rise of the hardware at Ferro to repair a broken motor tractor.  Bodrogi have soya broad beans complete life have been treated, such as its father and their fathers. I asked him concerning its life on the agriculture company.

 We the country has for a long time worked - perhaps 200 years, perhaps  more, Henk Bodrogi me since he picked concerning a container of, which bolt to the correct size.  In the course of the years we a couple has here and there added hectare.  I

Busy is a understatement, since I found then I the wiry farmer to tell me more.

 I usually up to the areas by sun, M. Henk Bodrogi tells me. My woman takes care of the children heading to school, then they little something for us for lunch will turn to eat and beside me into diner to work.  When the children recover house of school they pass their jobs, and we are all at the house the most of times dark.

We do this the most days, he adds, except worship days.

Bodrogi identify the suitable bolt and chatter with the cashier concerning children and school since he are completes purchase.

We all know each other it here, Bodrogi explain since we leave. The most of families have lived here for generations.  First new people who came to city were with that gas company built a couple year back. 

I ask Bodrogi if the matter has been well. 

We did to recently free good.  The profits were well and we add land, or promote material.  Then started we have all this problem with the plants.

On which manner, I asked.

The plants do not produce if they have in the past.  It took one while to calculate, then one of the town civil servants who are calculated to obtain a water specialist.  Then they tested it they said water was polluted.

Bodrodgi which are sighed, and with a besieged can in its eye he me for my interest thanked and he told had lead me behind to house.  The motor tractor had be confirmed before they the next day could work.  I thanked him and paid attention to him climb in its truck and head from city.

The water specialist appeared the international agency Wellness for all, an international agency with a task healthy bring water to communities to which by natural disasters it are agitated, drawing and - accidentally - oil and gas development.

I obtained a representative of Wellness in for already next day.  Joclyn Reynolds are project coordinator for Wellness for all.  They spoke to me concerning a satellite question of its area office in South-East Asia where she was the efforts of the establishment aid after a earthquake. Ms. Reynolds came to me for a couple speak minutes between meetings concerning their work in Elodis.

We were contacted by a town civil servant concerning a problem they with their room water had.  In the last years agriculture had collapsed, and the by-effect of certain sicknesses and birth shortages had increased.  The drinking water Elodis comes from the river Tiskele, like already water for agriculture, so that upstream we searched a source.  We found sources of the disposal of the production detritus upstream at the GAStech operation. The tests showed high levels of benzene, toluene, xylene arsenic, lead and selenium, among other things toxin. 

Are possible substances these natural? 

Not in these amounts, and not this sudden.  The pollution of the groundwater is usually the result of human activity.  GAStech release polluting substances of a pond.  The toxin to form subsurface plucks which trickles in the river Tiskele of which the residents of Elodis their drinking water and irrigation for the plants to draw.

You spoke to GAStech concerning this?

Yes, she answered Oh.  We believed firstly we traction reached.  We met representatives GAStech, including one including the higher staff employees, several keren strict Fluss.  He insured our personal GAStech would act responsibly to assist material and financial to cleaning turn effort.  After a time, nevertheless, it became clear that whereas M. Fluss were serious the Sanjorge were those decisions take.  It is clear that he [Sanjorge] has no interest in the well-being of the residents of Elodis, or environment.

Sten Sanjorge, Jr., which had its share in the company of its father in 1990, a reputation for cutthroat company practices had developed.

Then we made no progress with GAStech, continuously Reynolds, the Community LEADERs decided for aid the government of Kronos to approach.   By our policy - and with authorization of the LEADERs Elodis - we published the test results in an officially public document.  The LEADERs Elodis approached then the government civil servants as citizens of a community Kronesian which is armed with the scientific analysis.  Our agency insured them we again its available anyway would help then those agreements became gebeëindigd. 

On this point Ms. Reynolds as from the telephone were called, so that I returned my editor friend Pondo Reese to tell the tale to finishing.

Share three 15 May, 1998 are published

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: REPORTS THE MEASURE OF THE TAX, BLOCKED EFFORTS POK

PUBLISHED: 2001/03/24


LOCATION: Abila, Kronos 

A measure became taxes at foreign oil and raise gas development which by minister of health Cesare Nespola is presented covered by a broad fork last week at the general meeting.

This defeat is a harsh battle to the guards of Kronos, a group Elodis which to this financing added to supply drinking and irrigation water health care and environment cleaning turn of them.

We have a meeting who is planned with the minister, the guards of Kronos to LEADER Henk Bodrogi said.  Tel from still us not.  We intend improve the measure and the minister Nespola  later on the year introduce it again.

Bodrogi are the LEADER of the guards of Kronos, a basis environment group with a task to pollution to turn to which by gas it is caused in its hometown to bore.

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: COLLECTION WHICH IS PLANNED TO SUPPORT OF THE RAISED DUTY OF RESPONSIBILITY OF THE GOVERNMENT

PUBLISHED: 2012/04/11


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Silvia Marek, LEADER of the guards of Kronos social action organization is connect himself appealing on the citizens of Kronos at her for a day of peaceful protest tomorrow.  Marek ask all connect itself citizens concerned at her to bring political corruption and favoritism information to the problem of penetrating in the offices of the government of Kronos.

I request corruption, favoritism and favoritism to an end to the heinous which is shown by our preferred civil servants.  They [the civil servants] must hear our voice and know that we require change now.

The collection will be kept in the Elodis town park at afternoon.

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: THE COLLECTION POK DRAWS THOUSANDS OF PROTESTERS

PUBLISHED: 2009/03/09


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Thousands of protesters which carry banners that read remind Juliana! and chanting we want truth! collected for the Kronos government offices Saturday morning. Protesters required an accountancy of the government turnovers of then the tax incentives of president Araullo's who was signed in law in 1993.

Of ten years - old Juliana Vann died in 1998, to a sickness which is caused by polluted water of boring GAStech transactions. They heart-rending the pictogram of a movement which has reached support of one end of Kronos to other, has become.

We were promised better lanes, new ways, better health care and a better standard of living, said one 20 years - old protestor which decreased to have its used name.  All to see I am larger lord houses for the ministers and the hospital which costs more to difficult situation than it can make.  We that! to approve

Protestor referred to the general hospital Abila that in 1997, seemingly with money of the raised turnover of the foreign gasverrichtingen here on Kronos are built.  The hospital has had difficulty which maintains its infrastructure, in spite of the vast restoration those several years is carried out suffered for the elektro and plumber work systems to replace without profiteering.

The contracts all were given to family and cronies of the ministers, 26 years accuse - old Jon L., which six hours traveled to attend collection yesterday.  What we have necessary transparency in our government is.  We must know what to already money happens that from these foreign comes commit.

LEADER Elian Karel of the protest aimed the demonstration systems at the park of the city Abila.  Karel took over control POK of Henk Bodrogi, of which bad health forced him of the position.  Karel spoke eloquently concerning the beginning of the campaign POK as a basis effort for clean water, to the dynamic movement demanding better government transparency and duty of responsibility have become.

We do not ask for unreasonably no matter what, Karel speak passionately to its enthusiastic auditors.  We want all must know how our taxes are used.  We know these companies report profits at the cost of Kronos produce, but we see none of promised improvements.  All we want duty of responsibility for they that because of cupidity, corruption and neglect of them died which they would have protect.

The question to the office of the President had not immediately returned.



SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: GASTECH TOUCH THE TRUCK CAR NEAR ELODIS, FAMILY OF DEAD FOUR 

PUBLISHED: 2007/03/22

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

A vehicle collision required living a family Elodis, including two children Tuesday afternoon.  The family traveled to house of a school program where one of the children in the program of spring on primary school Elodis had performed.

The aid police force of Elodis reported commissioner Adian Koppolis three of the victims at the scene of the accident died.  Marcellus Edris, 33, its woman Valeria, 30, their  Celia, 7 died at the scene of the accident.  A son Carmine survived initial collision but died later at the hospital Abila.

The not identified 25 years - the old driver the truck GAStech was kept in the Elodis town prison nocturnal, and was then delivered.

The initial reports of the research workers give the truck driver illegally the junction had discussed where he had not succeeded in at an end sign, stopping whereas the other vehicle had the right of manner.

Commissioner Koppolis said Elodis to the police force a complete research would lead.

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: SHEET 2004 OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH ELODIS

PUBLISHED: 2004/05/30


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

The Community center of health Elodis have already published update to Wellness for study which is carried out in 1998.  Raised the mortality rate and the by-effect of chronic sickness more than 252% of former years.  The elaborate report will shortly be posted concerning the municipal Internet site Elodis.



SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: THE SHEET OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH ELODIS - UPDATE

PUBLISHED: 2000/06/02

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

The environment impact of the Hyper Acidic has disposal of the substrate (HASR), controversial boring technique a giant toll taken on the health of residents Elodis.  Update up to 1998 Wellness for already report will shortly be posted on the municipal Internet site Elodis.

Peaks

* The unprecedented levels of toxin were found in water supplies, including phenol, vinegar anhydride, lead, and ethylene glycol.

* The by-effect of chronic sickness raised more than 89% of former years

* The uncommon high frequency of cancer became this way concerning that minister of health Nespola which oncology specialist is appointed to Abila the general hospital



SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: SHEET 2002 OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH ELODIS

PUBLISHED: 2002/05/27


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

The Community center of health Elodis have already published update to Wellness for study which is carried out in 1998.  The impact of the Hyper Acidic disposal of the substrate (HASR), controversial boring technique continues devastate the health of residents Elodis.  The elaborate report will shortly be posted concerning the municipal Internet site Elodis.

Peaks

* Raised the mortality rate and the by-effect of chronic sickness more than 178% of former years

* The uncommon high frequency of cancer became this way clear that the minister of health Nespola a cancer specialist to Abila appointed the general hospital



SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: THE REPRESENTATIVES POK COME TOGETHER WITH MINISTER KRONOS HEALTH



PUBLISHED: 1998/11/15


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

The representatives of the social guards of the activist group of Kronos (POK) met in former days these yielded with Cesare Nespola, minister of health to discuss resolutions to water pollution to which Elodis have infested for the recent nineties.

This a productive meeting, POK was the LEADER Henk Bodrogi said.  I am very to heartened by the interest the government in suffering people of Elodis show.  He seemed very receptive for our request be better establish health care in Elodis, and pollution to turn responsibly for this way much of our sicknesses.

POK formed themselves in 1997, of a group of the basis action in reply to the pollution of water supplies Elodis and the resulting sickness and the deaths of local residents over further different years.  

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: TEN YEARS OLD LITTLE GIRL OF ELODIS DIES OF POISONING

PUBLISHED: 1998/08/21


LOCATIONS:  ELODIS, Kronos 

Ten years - old Juliana Vann died yesterday afternoon, surrounded by its family and friends.  The cause of death was attribute leukemia to benzene poisoning.

Juliana had been sick for over a year.  Initially its family did not realize that benzene poisoning was the cause of the problems of Juliana.  After visits to the hospitals, a doctor is who becomes with the international aid organization Wellness associated already recommended Juliana tests for benzene poisoning.  On that point, however, recover the system of the small little girl it had been also damaged.

The residents of Elodis have pleaded with the government of Kronos to demonstrate against pollution which by the gas GAStech boring verrichting only 20 km are upstream caused of Elodis.

The death of Juliana is only one this municipality because of toxic detritus that, rural of different deaths, in the river Tiskele by Tethys company GAStech is dumped has suffered.

The private burial services will be kept on 21 augusts in the family house.

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: ELIAN KAREL DEAD IN PRISON KRONOS

PUBLISHED: 2009/06/20


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Elian Karel, age 28, died Friday whereas illegitimate incarcerated at the prison of the city Abila.  Karel were in former days kept on the year on fraudulent tax avoidance charges after its arrest on 12 March.

Its solicitor, Michale Kraft made notice Friday during a conference of the afternoon press.

We know details still no.  What I can tell you am that then I yesterday left Elian after meeting with him in the prison he in excellent health and good spirits was.  He thought in the next days and the return of its work with the guards of Kronos are delivered, and had been aroused the guards of task continue Kronos to which he are life dedicated.  I can you insure that the death of Elian with all resources will be examined at our arrangement and will be brought responsibly that to justice.

The defenders of started POK and others collecting outside the police force mail as spread out news.

I cannot believe, the Kriste Brontes aforesaid by its cracks, we were at the collection in March.  He looked at and sounded this way good.  He was this way optimistic that the changes came.  WHO POK is able now lead?

Karel, of Elodis, were involved with the task POK since he was young.  He was only one couple year parent then Juliana Vann, a friend who died in 1998, of toxin poisoning which is caused by illegitimate of the Tethyn company GAStech to dump. 

The question to the office of the President, the office of the minister of justice and the office of the LEADER of police force had not immediately returned.



SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: ELODIS, KRONOS:  A CITY IN NEED, part 1

PUBLISHED: 1998/03/21

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos

This Article is the first advance of a three-part range the tackling growing problem of one fear of the community, government indictable offense, and the alarming influence of multinational companies on the country of Kronos.

 Nestled in the bending of the river Tiskele, the sun increase concerning the agriculture city of Elodis, gone pursuing those surrounding Mt shadow.  Today, since they each day more than 250 years, the residents will increase to tend that the rich alluvial area country feeding for people of Kronos supplies.

Two weeks in former days I received a e-mail of an old friend, Pondo Reese, now the editor of the Elodis weekly day book, an agriculture document that the community serve round bending Tiskele. In its e-mail he described an once abundant area that now it is agitated by pollution, which solutions to a worsening problem wrestle to find.  I decided to examine.

We did not make the connection firstly, Reese told me then I him on its office met.  The gas company built a couple had been year back in 94, and our problems had started not legal process.   After a couple harvests, we saw a fall in production.   We thought perhaps the only hiccup were, and improve the things would become.  Then the kids sick to be then started took we a harder can at what could changed be. 

The change proved to be international GAStech, an international company that by Sten Sanjorge Jr, business tycoon from Tethys in functioning are put.

Established in 1961, the company GAStech started had as a family matter which grants the local exchanging services in Tethys.  The two founders - Hank Fluss and Sten Sanjorge Sr.- found more profitable unreliable drilling to be, and started this way with a range environment calamities and financial scandals which Sanjorge Sr. eventual in an early sepulchre in and Fluss in a marginal role in its own company.  With the death of Sanjorge SR, the zoon took the rudder firmly of GAStech in its seizure and broadened its influence further far gone, eventually landing at the threshold of the small peaceful municipality of Elodis.

With a population of 6500, the most of residents of Elodis one imagine oneself themselves and two-story live on small agriculture companies.  A smaller number of families lives in the municipality along a street with two markets, two hardware rises, one gaspost and a café where you buy lunch, can take your mail and a liter buys milk to house to bring.  The families have lived in Elodis for generations.

We have made a good for a long time living, Reese tell me. The population steadily have increased.  The production of the plant has been well.  Mainly, the young people have not left for the city since they have a lot in other rural places.  We have a lot country which could be still developed. There was a future here for them.

I asked Reese me to help people meet it of who life has been influenced by the transactions of GAStech.  He introduced me to a farmer of whom family had been here for different generations.  

I obtained Henk Bodrogi which in city in purchases make at the hardware rise of Osvaldo to repair a broken motor tractor.  Bodrogi have soya broad beans complete life have been treated, such as its father and their fathers. I asked him concerning its life on the agriculture company.

Share two 25 April, 1998 are published



SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: THE SHEET OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH ELODIS

PUBLISHED: 1998/05/17


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

At the request of the citizens of Elodis, Wellness for all a report concerning the impact of gas boring transactions on has published water quality and public health.  The elaborate report will be shortly on Wellness for already Internet site available.  Comparing given before 1998 it was obtained from thorough examining medical report that Elodis are supplied the Community center of health.

The peaks of the report

* The raised quantities toxic chemical products were found in water supplies, including arsenic, vinegar anhydride, benzene, and chlorine dioxide.

* The persons younger than 30 seem from an uncommon high tariff of chronic sickness suffer linked from toxin which by gas boring transactions is produced.

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: LACK OF THE INTENTIONS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TOP OF DETAILS

PUBLISHED: 1993/02/04

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

In glitzy press conference president Delouse Araullo announced end previous year a historical range tax incentives to foreign investment to Kronos under the mom to bring which to job leads, cheap energy supplies and infrastructure builds.  After poll 86-14 the minister of the inland country praised Tomas Sarto previous month the decision as a orientation point and improving people.

We will see.  Crafters of these revolutionary measures neglected to include a detailed plan concerning how this windfall to daily Kronosians would help.  When the first payment of this foreign company country in the state trunks, how will these funds be spread?

One have been aroused curiosity:  14 who resist does the measure feel himself same the manner?  Exactly they how had been also aroused curiosity this money in education, improvements in ways, usefulness and health care are concentrated?

The question to the offices of the President had not returned.



SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: THE PROTESTS SWELL IN ABILA IN REPLY TO QUESTION TO ACTION

PUBLISHED: 2012/09/08


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Thousands of people conducted the ways on Thursday in a show of antigovernment solidarity.

Under the demonstration systems Mestache Vardshvna were, 23, of the west coast of Kronos.   We try get the attention of our government, he said.  This is important, so that I demanded gone time of the work share of this important event to be.

He was one of many which used their competence of free speech to express their care with the current lack of government transparency with public money.

They must consciously be themselves know of it that we what do they, added Vardshvna.  YOU can not only steal our money and think you are possible with leaving.

The posters with coloured pictures of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann was memories of the heavy toll which is already paid by LEADERs and innocents.  Karel the former LEADER of the guards of Kronos was by its premature dead in 2009.  To be dead, idea an assassination be by many, put cancels collections to bring it reported of the guards of Kronos to publicly.  Juliana Vann died in 1998, of cancer which is caused by environment toxin in its drinking water.  She had lived exactly ten years old.

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: ARRESTED MEMBERS POK

PUBLISHED: 2001/09/02

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

Government heavies obstructed the free speech - once again - of members of the guards of the activist group of Kronos yesterday at a legitimate demonstration at the areas of bending Tiskele.  The five activists POK had collected themselves for the ports to GAStech facility of gas the drill far directions to bring Tiskele public information concerning the polluted river which has caused health problems to the residents of Elodis.

The witnesses report that demonstration peacefully started POK with the five members were that alternating concerning the way run, chanting remind Juliana! and no longer poison!  

An eye told which then the ports which are opened to permit company vehicles to GAStech moved the facility to leave aside protesters.  The witnesses are it once that at the same time the vehicles with the government of connection floated Kronos to the poorten, apparently of plan are the facility enter. 

It was going up to then, Griffith Mabel already very civil, a resident Elodis who was from POK come support told.   The opened ports, people POK moved themselves and the freight carriages dissipated.  That is then the bizarre became.  The freight carriages stopped in the middle of the way for no reason.

Another eye, Elodis farmer add Charley Normand yes, the kerels POK asked move itself the drivers neatly, but the drivers GAStech ignored them.  They had their windows, so that it was not if she could not hear them.

The occupants of the government vehicles left and dovetailed themselves the dispute.  The consecution of events becomes on this point confusing.  Some witnesses explain exhorted arguments GAStech with protestors to the drivers, and others think the government civil servants of strong weapon with protesters of the way started.

People in the government cars prove to be police force were, Mabel tell.  They wore uniforms and has license plates.

The witnesses tell which the three parties started crying, and at what aims the police force Kronos - of Abila- arrested supposedly the five activists and transported them to a prison Elodis.

In spite of repeated requests for a conversation, has been granted no access to arrested which.

 

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: A CELEBRATION OF DELIVERED KLEPTOCRACY

PUBLISHED: 2014/01/19


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

After annual gAStech-Kronos the collective staff employees of GAStech meetings and different high-ranking government Kronos the civil servants a soiree on the head bldg. will attend Kronos to celebrate delivered kleptocracy which kept public civil servants have Kronos in lord houses and luxury vehicles.

We look forward to us hearing what president Kapelou II and CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr. one has come concerning how must say these unholy alliance to the citizens of Kronos at good.  

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: MINISTER OF HEALTH TO PROPOSE SOLUTION TO THE POISONING OF THE CITY

PUBLISHED: 1999/07/09


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

The minister of health Cesare Nespola announced to he an account would sponsor to raise taxes at the foreign energy development in Kronos to finance environment cleaning turn and health care for rural cities improved.  After a range meetings with members of the guards of the activist group of Kronos (POK) the notice it was last week made.

Ours forward gone are clear, POK co-leader Carmine Osvaldo said.  We fight for clean water, good health and now will be we the funds this make event.  Thanks to minister Nespola no longer children must die.

Osvaldo refer to Juliana Vann, 10 years - old little girl that previous year to leukemia boring perationsverrichtingen upstream of its house to attribute to with benzene poisoning of gas died.

POK formed themselves in 1997, in reply to the pollution of water supplies Elodis and the resulting sickness and further deaths of local residents.  





SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: THE WGO BRING IN A GUN TO A FIT?

PUBLISHED: 2013/06/21


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Yesterday, since they have collected each 19 June for the past three years defenders of guards of Kronos much requiring same if they have in the past the fourteen years:  an end to the corruption of the Kronos government civil servants and the cleaning turn of the toxic afvalstortplaats which the river Tiskele has become near Elodis. 

The collection which took place at different venues concerning the city, which for publicly-owned include the house of president Kapelou's and for the head bldg. Abila.  The citizens collected hoping their votes by their preferred civil servants are heard. They distributed information on aviators who by local ventures over the life style absurd present between the preferred civil servants of today and which of a couple year is pressed and is given suffered. Posters loved the demonstration systems martyrs POK and chanted for social and economic parity, whereas black-clad the members of the police force Abila anonymous lines of shields formed, batons and they weapons which surround the mob.

On everyone the opinion the question was:  WHO brings a gun to peacefully present is?  The collection make had been confessed as itself peaceful collecting citizens their bring care to the public conscience.  The most dangerous point in their hands a picture of little girl of ten years - Juliana Vann which died in 1998, of cancer which is caused by the benzene in its drinking water.  

Why did the government feel Kronos the need a police force brutal send plow?

In spite of these awkward efforts, as groups of people of who by barricades has slipped and which are moved by the streets to bring their reported to the citizens of Kronos.  The aviators who report of truth and justice to bring became to leave on park banks, in coffee houses and on light Poland.  

How can these civil servants can those - hypothetical become on public salaries - second houses, the large boats and the luxury autos they flaunt permit themselves?





SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: POK THE LEADER ARRESTED KAREL

PUBLISHED: 2009/03/13


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

In another unconscionable movement against the former citizens of Kronos, check POK today arrested LEADER Elian Karel on unauthentic tax evasion charges.  He was conducted - manacled - of a meeting of the guards of Kronos in Elodis, a rural municipality Abila.

Indicative of trade mark mood, levied Karel is joked to its defenders since he is conducted gone, "I assumes I the President who would have fallen of bottled water for its anniversary will have sent." 

Karel are the LEADER of the guards of Kronos, an alliance of citizens Kronos van Elodis which polluted water has required the clean government that gas is caused in their community to bore.

"We did not ask for GAStech to our community come", a couple spoke Karel months suffered at a collection.  "We did not ask undrinkable our water, for our children sick become become.  Nor Elodis nor people of Kronos no matter which advantage of the extraordinarily large quantity has received money that GAStech clear each year.  I ask:  Where the money goes?"

The representative police force insured defenders who itself outside the police force mail that Karel are humanly treated grouped, but decreased to ask answer if visitors to permit see Karel.

"He is certain people," the solicitor Michale Kraft van Karel told me concerning the telephone. "He will be these false charges fight and from in a couple days.  He probably complain concerning prison food at the next collection POK."

Kraft intends Karel Saturday morning meet.

The question to the President and the minister of the offices of the justice had not immediately returned.



SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: A CAN ON LIVING CUT TRAGICAL SHORT: ELIAN KAREL



PUBLISHED: 2011/06/22


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Two years suffered yesterday Elian Karel on age 28 died in Abila prison cell, apparently of cardiac arrest.  He arrested three months in former days for unauthentic charges of tax evasion had been and in a prison cell without further judicial steps had left dawdling.  Its solicitor, Michale Kraft made different appearances who requires for the Court that the government outlines Karel their specific charges, and version.  Kraft an agreement with the government had reached which charges are diminished and Karel awaiting a test is delivered, but Karel died two days before he rather had go.

The questions remain, however, concerning the manner of the death of Karel.  The requests information was satisfied to insurance that the police force - of which preservation Karel was at the time of its dead - everything possibly would do a thorough research carry out.

This thorough research lasted each of two weeks, including the time it took the Coroner of the city Abila to lose the original autopsy files.  After the body of Karel was incinerated and was sent to its family in Elodis, Abila please foce closed the case and has ceased to ask concerning the death of Karel explanatory that we are answer death was no longer of natural causes and examines. 

As reported at the time of the death of Karel, different people reported dense at the research which the body of Karel signs of bone which did not show strength trauma, bruising and cracks that compatible with the cause of death by the police force is communicated products.  These confidential sources have since then moved themselves of the area and not available for contact.

The police force has denied uncommon no matter what in death happened of Karel and the town civil servants require the charges of assassination and the unlawful dead by POK rabble-rousers trying instability and recall violence are claimed.

Yesterday on the morning of 19 June, collected a small group itself defenders POK for the mail of the police force Abila, photograph of Elian, and of another young martyr, Juliana Vann, ten years - old little girl that in 1998, to cancer which by benzene toxin is caused in its drinking water died.  

Both died because of government lie and the corruption, one people told me that early that is name because of care of police force yellowing thing is implied.  Juliana died because Kronos GAStech permitted our water poison, and Elian died because he tried to justice bring Juliana.  When it? will conclude

Another, to larger mob the day before in a surrounding town park had collected to bring public information concerning these same questions.  Amid adressed and music, heard I it same reported of the year by:  Remind Juliana! Remind Elian!

SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: ELODIS, KRONOS: WILL THE GOVERNMENT ANSWER ON TIME? Part three

PUBLISHED: 1998/05/17

This Article is the last advance of a three-part range the tackling growing problem of one fear of the community, government indictable offense, and the alarming influence of multinational companies on the country of Kronos.

Pondo Reese, editor of the weekly day book Elodis, are themselves at its window, from to the sun placing on the river Tiskele looking at.  I have to him me concerning the involvement of the government of Kronos in the deep alarming tell account of the fight of a community for protection against they asked which them would have help most: their preferred civil servants, against them would poison those their children and food of the country.

It took old for everyone to answer, Reese tell me of their fight.  Henk Bodrogi - the man met you - did not give up.  He called each department which could become perhaps with our problem associated:  interior, justice, foreign affairs, health.    Henk and a couple other residents made different travel to Abila trying bring someone to listen.  Finally a sympathetic person of the ministry of health the door answered, so that is true we started. 

Reese describe then months meetings where the government civil servants document test required their case:  health and harvest statistics, the scientific test results of Wellness for all, and medical reports.

It has frustrating been.  We bring the documents which they wants confirm has wanted, and then they the results, or our tells to supply extra information or door meetings closed.  We are at present during discussing a date for a hearing at the ministry of health our present request for aid.

Has it been worth it?

YOU tell me, signs Reese from its window.  I look at concerning its shoulder a group seeing children who kick a football  in the dust.

Which choice do we have?



SOURCE: The Wrap

TITLE: DEMONSTRATION ATTRACTS THOUSANDS IN SPITE OF RAIN


PUBLISHED: 2012/11/12


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

A heavy rain loved no thousands of citizens insuring against their votes previous Wednesday was heard.

An open microphone was set up in the town lower house with participants set up around the area.  POK LEADER Silvia Marek opened the assembly who explains with a short speech that the requirements of the citizens of Kronos are not-negotiable, and the civil servants of the government must a program immediately and unconditionally establish of the government duty of responsibility that it is manned with persons who by international controlled are preferred a voice of citizens Kronos, and responsibly for carelessness of taxpayer money will be.

With that, they everyone invited from to make their votes heard.

There was no shortage to persons enthusiastic have their say.  The tales regions itself workers qualified of who are proceeded concerning for job which were eventually given to a family member of a government civil servant, to an elderly person woman who for financial aid requested after its spouse died to sickness linked to polluted water.  

They told me it [be dead] only the costs was do matter, she said.



