SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: BUMP OF PROTESTS IN ABILA IN RESPONSE TO THE CALLS TO THE ACTION

PUBLISHED: 2012/09/08

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

The thousands of people striped the roads Thursday in a posting of solidarity anti-government.

Among the demonstrators was Mestache Vardshvna, 23, of the Western coast of Kronos.   "We try to obtain the attention of our government," it said.  "It is important, thus I took leave of work to be part of this important event."

It was one of much which used their power of free speech to express their concern with the current lack of transparency of government with public moneys.

 "They must realize that we know what they make," additional Vardshvna.  "You cannot simply steal our money and to think you can leave with it."

The posters with coloured images of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann were recalls of the heavy toll already paid by chiefs and the innocent ones.  Karel was the former chief of the guards of Kronos before his untimely death in 2009.  Its death, thought with being a murder by, encouraged much cancel gatherings to bring the message of the guards of Kronos to the public.  Juliana Vann died in 1998 of the cancer caused by environmental toxins in its drinking water.  She had just turned ten years.

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: DOCUMENTARY CARD OF PUBLIC HEALTH Of ELODIS 2002

PUBLISHED: 2002/05/26


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

The center of health of the Community of Elodis published an update with health for all the study carried out in 1998.  The effects of acid displacement hyper of substrate (HASR), a technique of drilling discussed continue to devastate the health of the residents of Elodis.  The detailed report/ratio will be announced soon on the municipal Web site of Elodis.

Highlights

* The death rate and the incidence of the chronic disease increased more than 178% of the former years

* The exceptionally high incidence of cancer became so obvious that the Minister for health Nespola named a specialist in oncology at the hospital general in Abila



SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: A CELEBRATION OF RELEASED KLEPTOCRACY

PUBLISHED: 2014/01/19

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

To follow the annual executives of GAStech of meeting of the company of GAStech-Kronos and several civils servant of government of the high row of Kronos will deal with one evening with the capital building of Kronos to celebrate the released kleptocracy which maintained the civils servant public of Kronos in the manors and the vehicles of luxury.

Waiting with hearing which President Kapelou and CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr. must say about the way in which this profane alliance profited the citizens from Kronos.  

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: MISS INTENTIONS OF GOVERNMENT OF MARCH OF DETAILS

PUBLISHED: 1993/02/03

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

In a President Luis Araullo press conference late last year a historical whole of tax tax incentives designed announced to bring the foreign investment to Kronos under the appearance creating of employment, providing cheap energy and establishing the infrastructure.  After the voice 86-14 month last the Minister of Interior Department Tomas Sarto glorified the decision as the "limiting terminal" and "improving the people".

We will see.  The crafters of these revolutionary measurements neglected to include a plan detailed about the way in which these winds would profit daily Kronosians.  When the first payment as of these alien company in the trunks of state, how these funds unload do will be dispersed?

One wonders:  Did the 14 which was opposed to measurement feel the same manner?  Did they wonder also exactly how this money would be directed in education, the improvements in roads, the utilities and the care of health?

Calls to the offices of the president were not returned.



SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: TO MEET REPRESENTATIVES OF POK THE MINISTER OF KRONOS OF HEALTH

PUBLISHED: 1998/11/16

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

The representatives of the social activist group guards of Kronos (POK) met earlier this week with Cesare Nespola, minister of health to discuss the resolutions to the contamination of the water which infested Elodis since the Nineties late.

"It was a productive meeting," the Chief of POK Henk Bodrogi indicated.  "I am encouraged considerably by the interest which the government shows in the pain of the people of Elodis.  It seemed to be very sensitive to our request to establish the health improved in Elodis, and reverses the contamination responsible so much for several of our diseases."

The POK formed into 1997 of a group of action of bases in response to the pollution of the supply water of Elodis and disease resulting and to the deaths from the residents above the following several years.  

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: DOCUMENTARY CARD OF PUBLIC HEALTH Of ELODIS

PUBLISHED: 1998/05/17

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

On request of the citizens of Elodis, health for all published a report on the impact of the operations of gas drilling on the quality of water and the public health.  The detailed report will be soon available on health for all the Web site.  Comparative data before 1998 were obtained starting from a complete investigation of the medical disc provided by the center of health of Elodis Community.

Highlights:

* High quantities of toxic chemicals were found in the supply water, including arsenic, the acetic anhydride, the benzene, and the chlorine dioxide.

* The people young person than 30 seem to suffer a rate exceptionally high from chronic disease related to toxins produced by operations of gas drilling.

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: GATHERING PROGRAMMED IN SUPPORT OF THE RESPONSIBILITY INCREASED FOR GOVERNMENT

PUBLISHED: 2012/04/10

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Silvia Marek, chief of the guards of the social organization of action of Kronos calls upon the citizens of Kronos to join it during one day of peaceful protest tomorrow.  Marek requires of all the interested citizens to join it to bring the conscience to the problem of the political corruption and favoritism dominant in the offices of the government of Kronos.

"I claim an end with the ashamed corruption, the nepotism and favoritism shown by our elected civils servant.  They [civils servant] must hear our voice and know that we require the change now."

The gathering will be held in park of town of Elodis at midday.

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: MINISTER FOR HEALTH TO PROPOSE THE SOLUTION WITH THE POISONING OF CITY

PUBLISHED: 1999/07/09

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

The Minister for health Cesare Nespola announced would finance an invoice to increase taxes on the foreign development of energy in Kronos designed to place environmental cleaning and improved of the care of health for the rural cities.  After a series of meetings with members of the guards of group of activist of Kronos (POK) the advertisement was made last week.

"Our way forwards is released," Co-chief of POK that Carmine Osvaldo.  "We fight for clean water, good health and now we will have the funds to do this to occur.  Thank you to the Nespola minister more children will not have to die."

Osvaldo refers to Juliana Vann, the 10 years - the maid who died last year of leukemia due to with the benzene poisoning of the operations of gas drilling upstream of her house.

The POK formed in 1997 in response to the pollution of the supply water of Elodis and to the deaths of disease and following resultants of the residents.  





SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: A GLANCE BEHIND TRAGEDY OF CUT OF THE LIFE: ELIAN KAREL

PUBLISHED: 2011/06/22


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Two years ago yesterday Elian Karel died at age 28 in a cell of prison of Abila, supposedly of heart stop.  He had been stopped three months former for incidental expense of tax avoidance and left to be delayed in a cell of prison without more judicial action. His agent, Michale Kraft make several aspects in front of the court require that the contour of government that their detail charges, and Karel release.  Kraft had concluded an agreement with the government that expenses would be reduced and Karel is released while waiting for a test, but Karel died during two days before it was to go freely.

The questions are delayed, however, about the way of died of Karel.  Requests of information were met insurances that the police force - whose Karel guard was inside per hour of its death - would make very possible to carry out a thorough research.

This "complete research" lasted every two weeks, including time when it took the coroner of town of Abila to lose the original files of autopsy.  After the body of Karel was incinerated and sent to its family in Elodis, the chief of Abila police force closed the bag and refused to answer questions about the death of Karel declaring that "we are satisfied death were normal causes and will not amuse any more of the investigations."

Several people close to research reported that the body of Karel showed signs of trauma blunted of force, abrasions and lacerations what were not formed with the cause of the death brought back by the police force.  These confidential sources since moved sector and were inalienable for the contact.

The police force refused with something not very common product in the death of Karel and the civils servant of city claim the charges of the murder and unjustified death are affirmed by POK brew-rousers to try to encourage instability and violence.

Yesterday the morning of June 19, a small group of defenders of POK collected in front of the police station of Abila, holding of the photographs of Elian, and another young martyrdom, Juliana Vann, ten years old maid who died in 1998 of cancer caused by benzene toxins in her drinking water.  

"Both died because of the lies of government and the corruption," a man indicated to me who asked that its named either retained because of the preoccupations with a revenge of police force.  "Juliana died because Kronos made it possible GAStech to poison our water, and dead Elian because it tried to bring the justice of Juliana.  When it finishes?"

Others, a larger crowd had collected the front day in park close to city to bring the public conscience about these same questions.  Among the speeches and the music, I heard the same message of the year before:  "To remember Juliana! To remember Elian!"

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: FROM TEN YEARS - OLD WOMEN MATRICES OF GIRL Of ELODIS OF POISONING

PUBLISHED: 1998/08/20

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos

Ten years old Juliana Vann died yesterday afternoon, surrounded by its family and friends.  The cause of death was leukemia due to the benzene poisoning.

Juliana had been sick during more than one year.  At the beginning its family did not realize that the benzene poisoning was the cause of the problems of Juliana.  After visits with much of hospital, a doctor joined the international health of organization of assistance for all Juliana recommended is tests for the benzene poisoning.  At this point, however, small girl was damaged too much to recover.

The residents of Elodis had spoken in favor with the government of Kronos to act against the pollution caused by the operation of gas drilling of GAStech right 20 kilometers upstream of Elodis.

The death of Juliana is but one several deaths that these rural black suburbs suffered because of the toxic loss being emptied in the river of Tiskele by company GAStech of Tethys.

Private funeral services will be judged on August 21 in the family at the house.

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: ELIAN KAREL DIED IN PRISON OF KRONOS

PUBLISHED: 2009/06/21

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Elian Karel, age 28, died Friday while illegally imprisoned with the prison of town of Abila.  Karel was held on the fraudulent expenses of tax avoidance after its arrest on March 12 earlier this year.

Its agent, Michale Kraft made the advertisement Friday during a press conference of midday.

"We still do not know any detail.  What I can say you is that when I left Elian yesterday after meeting it in the prison it was in excellent health and the good spirits.  It hoped to be released in the days to come and the return to its work with the guards from Kronos, and was excited to continue the guards of the mission of Kronos to which it devoted its life.  I can ensure you that the death of Elian will be studied with all resources at our disposal and these persons in charge will be brought to justice."

The defenders of the POK and others started to collect apart from the police station like diffusion of news.

"I cannot believe it," Kriste Brontes called by his tears, "we were with the gathering in March.  It looked at and seemed so good.  It was so optimistic that the changes came.  Who will be able to carry out POK now?"

Karel, of Elodis, had been implied mission of POK since it was young.  It was only a few years more than Juliana Vann, a friend who died in 1998 of the toxin poisoning caused by emptying illegal company GAStech de Tethyn. 

Calls at the office of the president, the office of the Minister for justice and the office of the chief of the police force were not immediately turned over.



SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: The TRUCK OF GASTECH RUNS UP AGAINST the CAR CLOSE To ELODIS, FAMILY OF FOUR DEAD 

PUBLISHED: 2007/03/22

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

A collision of vehicle claimed the lives of a family of Elodis, including two children Tuesday afternoon.  The family travelled to the house of a program of school where one of the children had carried out in spring the program at the primary school of Elodi

Auxiliary police chief Adian Koppolis of police force of Elodis brought back three of the victims died to the scene of the accident.  Marcellus Edris, 33, his Valeria wife, 30, their Celia daughter, 7 died in the scene of the accident.  A son, Carmine, survived the initial collision but died later in a hospital of Abila.

25 year old unidentified driver of the truck of GAStech was judged during the night in prison of town of Elodis, and then released.

The initial reports of the investigators state that the driver of truck had illegally entered the intersection where it had does not stop with a sign of stop, whereas the other vehicle had the right of the manner.

The Koppolis police force of Elodis police chief would undertake a full research.

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: CHIEF KAREL OF POK STOPPED 

PUBLISHED: 2009/03/14

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

In another unjust movement against the citizens of Kronos, a police force earlier of today stopped the Chief of POK Elian Karel on incidental expense of tax avoidance.  He was carried out - manacled - starting from a meeting of the guards of Kronos in Elodis, rural black suburbs external Abila.

Showing his trade mark humor, Karel raised its wrists and joked with its defenders as it is carried out far, "I guess that I should not have sent to the president these cases water bottled for his birthday."

Karel is the chief of the guards of Kronos, an alliance of the citizens of Kronos which required the clean top of government the soiled water caused by gas drilling in their community.

"We did not ask GAStech to come to our community," spoke of Karel to a gathering a few months ago.  "We did not ask our water to become undrinkable, so that our children become sick.  Neither Elodis nor the people of Kronos received any advantage of the amount of money extraordinarily large only GAStech releases each year.  I ask:  Where is the active money?"

The assured defenders representative of police force who piled up apart from the police station that Karel would be treated with humanity, but refused to answer questions or to allow visitors to see Karel.

"He is a determined man," the agent of Karel that Michale Kraft indicated to me above the telephone. "I will fight these false expenses and will be outside in a few days.  He will probably complain about food about prison to the next gathering about POK." 

Kraft projects to meet the morning of Karel Saturday.

Calls with the president and the Minister for the offices of justice were not immediately returned.



SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: The MEASUREMENT Of TAXES DEMOLISHED, EFFORTS OF FIXED POK

PUBLISHED: 2001/03/24


LOCATION: Abila, Kronos 

A measurement to increase taxes on the foreign development of oil and gas proposed by Minister of health Cesare Nespola was demolished by a broad margin last week in the General meeting.

This defeat is a hard blow with the guards of Kronos, a group of Elodis which counted on this placing to provide the cleaning of care of health and environment of their water of drinks and irrigation.

"We hold a meeting envisaged with the minister," of the guards of the Chief of Kronos that Henk Bodrogi indicated.  "Not to still count to us outside.  We project to improve measurement and the Nespola minister will reintroduce it at the end of this year."

Bodrogi is the chief of the guards of Kronos, an environmental group of bases with a mission to reverse the pollution caused by gas drilling at its birthplace.

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: IN MEMORY:  The DEATH Of ELIAN KAREL, ONE YEAR AFTERWARDS

PUBLISHED: 2010/06/21


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

One year today a young man in the search of a more luminous future for its compatriots died in a cold, prison of cement.  It was been useful only by the apathetic guards which had been charged to hold it while waiting for a research for the fraud of taxes.  Instead of that, formerly in the hours early of morning of June 19, Elian Karel died with unexplainable damage with the official cause of death.

The report released by the death of Karel allotted of coroner of town of Abila in July 2010 to the sudden stop, and seeks it was enclosed soon then.  The anonymous sources close to research, however, provided the testimony of witness that the body of Karel showed with signs of trauma blunted, abrasions and lacerations of force what occurred in hours before its death.

The police force refused with something not very common product in the death of Karel and the civils servant of city claim the charges of the murder and unjustified death are affirmed by POK brew-rousers to try to encourage instability and violence.

By year since the death of Karel the guards of Kronos continue the mission to require that the instrument of government of Kronos a policy of transparency in businesses of government, and to hold responsible the alien companies which soiled the natural resources of Kronosian.

The defenders continue to pile up in the public places, given that their cries for justice are heard.  Now intermingled with sings "remember Juliana!" one can also intend cries "to remember Elian!"





SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: ELODIS, KRONOS:  A CITY IN the NEED, part one

PUBLISHED: 1998/03/20


This article is the first installment of a series in three parts addressing the problem growing of an anguish of the community, the embezzlement of government, and influences it alarming at the multinational multinationals on the country of Kronos.

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

Nested in the curve of the river of Tiskele, the sun rises surplus the farm city of Elodis.  Today, because they have daily during more than 250 years, the residents will rise to tighten the rich ground of floodplain which provides the food for the people of Kronos.

Two weeks before I received an email of an old friend, Pondo Reese, maintaining the writer of the weekly newspaper of Elodis, a paper of agriculture serving the community around the curve of Tiskele. In its email it described once beneficial area now afflicted by the contamination, fighting to find solutions with a problem of deterioration.  I decided to study.

"We did not draw up the report at the beginning," Reese said to me when I met him at his office.  "The gas company had been back of a few years established in '94, and our problems did not start immediately.   After a couple of the harvests, we saw a decline in the production.   We thought that perhaps it was right a hoquet, and the things would be better.  Then when to fall started with problem childs threw us a harder glance with what could have changed. " 

The change proved to be international GAStech, an international company directed by Sten Sanjorge Jr, a big businessman of businesses out of Tethys.

Bench in 1961, the company of GAStech started like businesses had by family providing of the local services of haulage in Tethys.  The two founders - Hank Fluss and Sten Sanjorge Sr. - wild drilling found with being more lucrative, and thus began a series of environmental disasters and scandals financial which ran thereafter  Sanjorge Sr. in a tomb early and led Fluss in a marginal role to its own company.  With the death of Sanjorge Sr, the son took the bar of GAStech firmly in his catch and widened his influence further with far, thereafter unloading with the threshold of the small peaceful black suburbs of Elodis.

With a population of 6500, the majority of the residents of Elodis live in houses one and of two-history to small farms.  A smaller number of families live in the black suburbs along a principal street with two markets, two stores of material, a gas station and a coffee where you can buy the lunch, take your mail and buy one liter of milk to bring the house.  The families lived in Elodis for generations.

"We made for a long time a good life," Reese says to me. "The population had firmly increased.  The vegetable production was good.  For the majority, the children did not leave for the city as they have in many of other rural places.  We have much ground which could still be developed. There was a future for them here."

I asked Reese to help me to meet the people whose lives were carried out by the operations of GAStech. It presented to me at a farmer whose family had been here for several generations.  

I caught up with myself compared to Henk Bodrogi downtown making of the purchases to the store of material of Osvaldo to repair a broken tractor.  Bodrogi cultivated soya its life whole, just as his/her father and their fathers. I questioned it about his life with the farm.

The part two will be published on April 25, 1998



SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: DOCUMENTARY CARD OF PUBLIC HEALTH Of ELODIS 2004

PUBLISHED: 2004/05/31


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

The center of health of the Community of Elodis published an update with health for all the study carried out in 1998.  The death rate and the incidence of the chronic disease increased more than 252% of the former years.  The detailed report will be announced soon on the municipal Web site of Elodis.



SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: Does WHO BRING a GUN TO ONE TO REST INSIDE?

PUBLISHED: 2013/06/22


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

Yesterday, because they more or less even have each June 19 during the three last years of defenders of the guards of Kronos gathered requiring as they have in fourteen last years:  an end with the corruption of the civils servant of government of Kronos and the cleaning of the toxic loss empty which became the river of Tiskele close to Elodis. 

The gathering which took place with several place of appointment through the city, including in front of the publically-had house of the President Kapelou and in front of the capital building of Abila.  The citizens collected to hope that their voices would be heard by their elected civils servant. They distribueré information on insects printed and given by local companies about incongruities of life style between the civils servant elected of today and those few years ago. The demonstrators held of the posters of martyrdoms of POK and sang for the social and economic parity, whereas the black-plated members of the police force of Abila formed the lines without face of the shields, the sticks and the side arms surrounding crowd.

On each one the spirit was the question:  Who brings a gun to peaceful rests inside?  The gathering had been given publicity like peaceful meeting of the citizens to bring their concern to the public conscience.  The most dangerous article in their hands was an image of a dead maid ten years old nice - Juliana Vann which died in 1998 of the cancer caused by benzene in its drinking water.  

Why the government of Kronos did feel the need for sending the police force group of rough?

In spite of these awkward efforts, as the groups of people slipped by the barricades and moved by the streets to bring their message to the citizens of Kronos.  Insects bringing of the messages of the truth and justice were left on the park puts except play, in coffees and on the light posts.  

How can these civils servant - hypothetically obtaining near on public wages - allow the second homes, the large boats and the cars of luxury which they post?





SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: ELODIS, KRONOS: WILL THE GOVERNMENT ANSWER IN TIME? Part three

PUBLISHED: 1998/05/17

This article is the last installment of a series in three parts addressing the problem growing of an anguish of the community, the embezzlement of government, and influences it alarming at the multinational multinationals on the country of Kronos.

Pondo Reese, writer of the weekly newspaper of Elodis, is held with its window, looking at outside towards the sun placing on the river of Tiskele.  I asked him to say to me deeply about the participation of the government of Kronos in the alarming account of the fight of a community for protection against those which should help them more: their elected civils servant, counters those which would poison their children and the food of the country.

"It took in the long run so that no matter who answers," Reese says to me of their fight.  "Henk Bodrogi - the man whom you met - did not give up.  It called each department which could probably be associated our problem:  interior, justice, Affairs Foreign, health.    Henk and some other residents made several voyages in Abila trying to oblige somebody to listen.  In conclusion, a person laid out well of the ministry for health answered the door, as is where we started. " 

Reese then describes months of the meetings to which the civils servant of government required documents proving their case:  statistics of health and output of harvest, scientific test results of health for all, and medical discs.

"It had frustrated.  We bring the documents which they want, and then they want to confirm the results, or indicate to us to provide additional information or to have declared meetings closed of door.  We are currently in the course of negotiating a date for a hearing with the ministry for health to present our petition for the assistance."

Was it in value it?

"You say to me," of the signs of approval of Reese outside its window.  I look above his shoulder to see a group of children giving a kick a ball of football in dust.

"Which choice we do have?"



SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: POK POINTS OUT THE CHIEF OF MARTYRED

PUBLISHED: 2012/06/22


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

In the chiefs moving one Wednesday of ceremony of the guards of group of activist of Kronos poured the homage on their fallen chief, Elian Karel, which was assassinated on June 19, 2009 while being illegally held in prison of Kronos.

"Today we meet to point out Elian Karel to us," Silvia Marek said the enthusiastically, much which delayed the white candles in the honor of Karel.

"Elian was constant with a farm of Elodis not 40 minutes from here, in Jeroen and Antaura Karel.  He grew with the spectrum of dead all around him.   Before Elian was 17 several of its members of family and the friends fought the constant disease, including its neighbor 10 years - old Juliana Vann. " 

Marek made a pause one moment to allow the cries of "remember Juliana!" to fade.

"Elian devoted its life to the people of Elodis as well as all the citizens of Kronos, just as his/her father before him.  Elian knew that his would be a difficult voyage.  It had observed his father, Jeroen and the founder of the POK, walk of Henk Bodrogi the way even as it would go.  Elian knew that the course would not be easy, and would leave little time during a personal life.  However it chose to take these measurements in spite of the challenges which it knew that it would face."

The "voyage of Elian finished three years ago of today.  But its dream did not die with him.  And it is this vision of healthy and future thrives for all we are here today to honor."

In afternoon several other loudspeakers paid homage not only to Elian, but all what were victims of the environmental catastrophe caused by avarice and corruption of the public civil servant. 

The gathering was disturbed only by the presence of aggravation of the police force of Abila in the speed of riot.  The police force agitated much crowd, involving them to have to leave the assembly rather than to be invaded with the sticks and the jet of pepper.







SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: DOCUMENTARY CARD OF PUBLIC HEALTH Of ELODIS - UPDATE

PUBLISHED: 2000/06/01

LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos

The environmental consequences of acid displacement hyper of substrate (HASR), a technique of drilling discussed took an enormous toll on the health of the residents of Elodis.  An update with health 1998 for all the report will be announced soon on the municipal Web site of Elodis.

Highlights:

* Levels without precedent of toxins were found in supply water, including phenol, acetic anhydride, wire, and ethylene glycol.

* The incidence of the chronic disease increased more than 89% of the former years

* The exceptionally high incidence of cancer became thus about this minister of health Nespola appointed a specialist in oncology at the hospital general in Abila.



SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: THE GATHERING OF POK DRAWS THOUSANDS OF DEFENDERS

PUBLISHED: 2009/03/09

LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

The thousands of protesters carrying of the banners reading "remember Juliana!" and singing "we want the truth!" gathered in front of Kronos of government of offices Saturday morning. The protesters required an accountancy of the incomes of government then tax tax incentives of the President Araullo' S which were signed in the law in 1993.

From ten years - old Juliana Vann died into 1998 of a disease caused by the soiled water of the operations of drilling of GAStech. It became the tearing icon of a movement which received the support of an end of Kronos to the other.

"We were promised best work, of new roads, better care of health and a better level the life," the aforementioned one 20 years - the old protestor who refused to make employ his name.  "All which I see are larger manors for the ministers and a hospital who cost the difficulty more than it can make.  We will not accept that!"

The protestor referred to the hospital general of Abila builds in 1997 seemingly with money of the increased income of the foreign gas operations here on Kronos.  The non-profit-making hospital had the difficulty of maintaining its infrastructure, in spite of the sevearl carried out by wide restoration years ago to replace the electric systems and putting balance.

"All the contracts were given to the family and the buddies ministers," shows 26 years - old man Jon L., who travelled during six hours to attend the gathering of yesterday.  "What we have need is transparency in our government.  We must know what arrives at any entering money of these alien companies.

Elian Karel addressed the demonstrators to the park of town of Abila.  Karel ensured the control of POK of Henk Bodrogi, whose bad health forced to the bottom of the position.  Karel spoke by eloquence about the beginnings about the countryside about POK like effort about bases for clean water, with the dynamic movement it has become demanding improved transparency and the responsibility for government.

"We do not ask anything not very reasonable," Karel speaks passionately with its listeners.  "Very that we want is of knowing our taxes are employed.  We know that these companies produce benefit of discs at the expense of Kronos, but we let us not see any the promised improvements of it.  Very that we want is responsibility for those which died because of avarice, the corruption and the negligence of those that they should protect."

Calls to the office of the president were not immediately returned.



SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: ELODIS, KRONOS:  HELP of an UNEXPECTED part two of SOURCE

PUBLISHED: 1998/04/27


This article is the second installment of a series in three parts addressing the problem growing of an anguish of the community, the embezzlement of government, and influences it alarming at the multinational multinationals on the country of Kronos.

I caught up with myself compared to Henk Bodrogi downtown making of the purchases to the ferro store of material to repair a broken tractor.  Bodrogi cultivated the soil his whole life, just as his father and their fathers. I questioned it about his life with the farm.

 "We worked the ground for a long time - perhaps 200 years, perhaps a little more," Henk Bodrogi like it indicated to me selected above a container of bolts, seeking the good size.  "During years we added a few hectares here and there.  It maintains occupied to us."

Occupied is an undervaluation, as I found when I stabbed the stiff farmer to say myself more.

"Of I head usually to the fields before the sun to the top," Mr. Henk Bodrogi indicates to me. "My wife obtains the high children and titrates to inform, then it will do something so that us eat for the lunch and function beside me until the dinner.  When the children become at the house of the school they make their drudgeries, and we are all backs at the house the majority of the times by the darkness."

"We make these majority of the days," it is added, "except days of worship."

Bodrogi identifies the suitable bolt and causes with the cash clerk about the children and of the school while it achieves his purchase.

"All let us know We here another," Bodrogi explains while we leave. "The majority of the families lived here for generations.  The first new people who came to the city were with this gas company which established the back of a few years."

I ask Bodrogi if the businesses were good. 

"We made very good until recently.  The benefit were good and we add cultivated surface, or improve the equipment.  Then we started to have all this trouble with harvests."

How, I asked.

"Harvests do not produce as they have in the past.  That removed one moment with the figure, then one of the leaders of city illustrated outside to call in a water specialist.  When they examined it they said that water was soiled."

Bodrodgi sighed, and with a glance encircled in its eye it thanked me for my interest and says had it to me to direct the back house.  The tractor had to be fixed before they could function the next day.  I thanked it and observed it rise in its truck and head out of the city.

The water specialist proved to be the international agency "health for all", an international agency with a mission to bring healthy water to the communities afflicted by normal disasters, outlines and - coincidentally - oil and formation of gas.

I caught up with myself compared to a representative of health for the whole the next day.  Joclyn Reynolds is a coordinator of project for "health for all".  It spoke to me above a satellite call its office field in South-East Asia where it was efforts of relief of establishment following an earthquake. Mrs. Reynolds agreed to speak to me during a few minutes between the meetings about their work in Elodis.

"We were contacted by a civil servant of city about a problem which they had with water their room.  In years of the last agriculture was effondue, and the incidence of certain diseases and defects of birth had gone up.  The drinking water of Elodis comes from the river of Tiskele, just as any water for the leasing, thus we sought a source upstream.  We found sources of provision of reject of production of operation of GAStech ascending.  The tests showed the high levels of benzene, toluene, the xylene arsenic, lead and selenium, between other toxins."

"Can these substances occur naturally?" I asked him.

"Not in these amounts, and not this suddenly.  The subsoil water contamination is usually the result of the human activity.  The pipes of GAStech discharge from the contaminants in a pond.  The toxins form a feather with ground flower which infiltrates in the river of Tiskele of which residents of the aspiration of Elodis their drinking water and irrigation for harvests."

"You spoke in GAStech on this subject?"

"OH yes," it answered.  "In the beginning we believed that we gain traction.  We met several times with representatives of GAStech, including one of the senior executive, Hank Fluss.  It personally ensured us that GAStech would act in a responsible way to provide to the material aid and financial worms of the efforts of cleaning.  After one moment, although, it appeared clearly that while Mr. Fluss was serious it was Sanjorge which makes the decisions.  It is obvious that it [Sanjorge] does not have any interest for the wellbeing of the residents of Elodis, or environment."

Sten Sanjorge Jr., which had inherited its share to the company of his father in 1990, had developed a reputation for pitiless procedures of management.

"When we did not make progress with GAStech," Reynolds continued, "the chiefs of the community decided to approach the government of Kronos for the assistance.   By our policy - and with the permission of the chiefs of Elodis - we published the test results in an official public document.  The chiefs of Elodis then approached the civils servant of government as citizens of a community of Kronesian armed with the scientific analysis.  Our agency ensured that we would be still available to help in some way when these agreements were completed. " 

In this moment Mrs. Reynolds was called part of the telephone, thus I returned to my friend of writer, Pondo Reese for saying to completion the history.

The part three will be published on May 15, 1998

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: MEMBERS OF POK STOPPED

PUBLISHED: 2001/09/01


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

Heavies of government blocked the free speech - once again - members of the guards of group of activist of Kronos yesterday to a legal demonstration with the fields of curve of Tiskele.  The five activists of POK had met in front of the doors with the service of drilling of gas operations of GAStech to bring the public conscience about the polluted river of Tiskele which posed problems of health to the residents of Elodis.

The spectators report that the demonstration had started peacefully with the five members of POK going in the two directions through the road, singing "remember Juliana!" and "more poison!"  

An eyewitness said that when the doors opened to make it possible vehicles of company of GAStech to leave the service the protesters moved on side.  The witnesses agree that at the same time the vehicles with the government of the joint of Kronos led to the doors, apparently projecting to write the service. 

"It was all the very civil one upwards until then," Griffith Mabel, a resident of Elodis which had left to support the POK said.   "The opened doors, the people of POK moved and the trucks drove out.  It is when it obtained strange.  The trucks stopped in the middle of the road for any reason."

Another eyewitness, farm Charley Normand of Elodis adds, "ouais, the types of POK asked the drivers to move well, but the drivers of GAStech were unaware of them.  They had their windows downwards, thus it was not as they could not hear them."

The occupants of the vehicles of government left and joined the argument.  The sequence of operations becomes muddling in this moment.  Some witnesses state the arguments incited by drivers of GAStech with the protestateurs, and others think that the civils servant of government started to make to violence the protesters of the road.

"Proves to be the people in the cars of government were police force," Mabel says.  "It carried uniforms and had badges."

The spectators say that the three parts started to howl, and at a certain point the police force of Kronos - probably of Abila- stopped the five activists and transported to a prison of Elodis.

In spite of the requests repeated for an interview, one did not grant access to those stopped.

 

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: POK PROTESTS the END IN the ARRESTS

PUBLISHED: 2005/04/06


LOCATION: ELODIS, Kronos 

Fifteen members of the guards of the organization of activist of Kronos (POK) were stopped by the federal police force of Kronos following yesterday a conflict to the doors of the service of GAStech of curve of Tiskele.

The protesters arrived before the paddle at the arms of lock and the traffic of halt therefore and writing service.  In local weather of 8 AM, the traffic had the support on the two sides of the doors.  Balancing, the protesters sang well known songs of protest, including "this is our ground", "songs of the farmer" and "the weaverss of our fatherland"

When the federal police force started to stop the protesters of POK, they moved of a fashion ordered in the van of waiting of police force, singing whole time.



 

SOURCE: The Orb

TITLE: THE DEMONSTRATION ATTRACTS THOUSANDS IN SPITE OF RAIN

PUBLISHED: 2012/11/12


LOCATION: ABILA, Kronos 

A strong rain did not stop thousands of citizens ensuring their voices was heard last Wednesday.

An open microphone was established in the communal grounds of city with loudspeakers established around the sector.  The Chief Silvia Marek of POK opened to the assembly with a speech short informant that the requests of the citizens of Kronos are unnegotiable, and the civils servant of the government immediately must and without reserve to institute a programme of responsibility for government, provided of personnel with people elected by a international-supervised voice of the citizens of Kronos, and will be responsible for the inadvertency of the moneys of taxpayer.

With that, it invited each one to make their heard voices.

There was no lack of people eager to have their word.  The stories extended from the skilled workers having passed above for work which was finally given to a member of family of a civil servant of government, to an old woman who asked for the financial assistance after her dead husband of the disease related to soiled water.  

"They indicated to me that it [its death] was right the cost to make deals," it said by its tears.
