SOURCE: World Source 

TITLE: Abila police break up sit-in turned violent at the presidential manor  

PUBLISHED: 2012/06/20
 

Traffic snarled around the city as Abilians struggle to get to work amid vandalism and looting 

Early on Tuesday police stormed the front of the presidential mansion and the capital building, breaking up a sit in by the Protectors of Kronos. 

The conservative Kronos government used an emergency law to threaten the protestors with arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The row is over environmental issues the POK holds the government and the gas giant GAStech international responsible.  

Signs among the protester called for government change and social equality.  Images of Juliana Vann, the 10 year old girl who dies from illnesses attributed to the industrial giant GAStech international served as rallying points.   

Tuesday was the third anniversary of the mysterious death of Elian Karel, a popular leader of the POK who died in prison.  

Later in the day, what had been a largely peaceful demonstration turned violent when the crowd started vandalizing government buildings and the presidential homestead.  

Police reinforcements were sent to the area and blocked roads, and skirmishes between the police and protestors broke out.  

Police used tear gas to break up the unruly crowd.  Government spokesmen complemented the security forces for their handling of the "gangs of criminals" disrupting the peace.

SOURCE: World Source 

TITLE: Profile:  Elian Karel  

PUBLISHED: 2009/06/22
 

<<deleted image of Elian Karel speaking at a rally in Abila>> 

Voice of protest for some, popularist demagogue for others, Protectors of Kronos leader Elian Karel became a martyr and a rallying point for some; a figure of disdain and rabblerousing for others, and a political concern to the Kronosian government, within an event filled year, accented by his suspicious death on Friday.  

The leader of a forbearant environmental activist group, Karel had started a brand of politics all his own, that propelled the POK into the spotlight of this island nation. 

Fueled by a growing dissatisfaction with the heavy-handed Kronosian government, he started driving the POK into an action-based organization, instead of one waiting for their government to make things aright. 

Resurrecting the embers of the Juliana Vann campaign, the 10 year old girl who died from illnesses attributed to the government-favored GASTech corporation's industrial waste streams in 1998, Karel was arrested and thrown in jail following a POK-initiated human roadblock in front of GAStech headquarters in May. Karel died Wednesday while serving time in jail. 

Rather charismatic, Karel was able to inspire a crowd and draw attention to the POK social and political agenda. likened the POK to a terrorist group in a press interview, Karel  quipped, "Sanjorge is a brilliant leader of GAStech."

SOURCE: World Source 

TITLE: GAStech Profile 

PUBLISHED: 2013/02/22

It is the biggest company in Kronos, the third largest gas company on the planet, and it is fifty-three years old. In the past it has had a reputation as corrupt and environmentally harmful, but nowadays GAStech, the former Tethys-only business, is trying to earn the trust of international investors. 

It is an uphill task, and there is no certainty that Gastech has the ability to convince potential investors it has mended its ways, and is no longer rooted in the eco-hostile past. 

GAStech's pipeline operations are based in eastern Kronos, and there is close relationship with the Kronosian government. This is the heart of Kronos's pipeline business, where gas from the eastern gas fields is piped west towards the rest of Kronos, Tethys and Europe. 

GAStech does more than just pump gas. 

The head of GAStech, Sten Sanjorge, Jr, whose photo stares out from calendars and picture frames everywhere in the country, acknowledges the "state within a state" accusations, but argues that the company simply needs to look after its workers and the communities around them. The GAStech empire owns 2 thousand cows and 3 thousand pigs in its company farms, runs gyms, and offers subsidised holidays in Black Sea resorts for key employees. There is an argument, however, that the energy business is different from other industries, requiring energy corporations to operate in distinct ways. 

Working in far-off places with no previous infrastructure means oil and gas sites will always be, to some extent, company towns. GAStech certainly strives to ensure its employees can move in and out of these locations by operating a private fleet of four planes to ferry its staff the huge distances between sites.

SOURCE: World Source 

TITLE: Shale gas pioneer plans world's first offshore wells in Mediterranean Sea  

PUBLISHED: 1984/05/03

<<Deleted Image: Anti-offshore drilling protester.  Exploration has proved a controversial issue in Kronos>> 

Continue reading the main story  

The son of the founder of gas firm GAStech is planning a venture to drill in the Mediterranean Sea, the Times has learned. He believes there are large volumes of offshore gas that could be extracted. 

"Certainly offshore gas isn't a new concept, but there's no reason with the Kronosian history of offshore development that we can't develop these resources offshore," he told the Times. 

Shale gas is extracted using the controversial technique of hyper-acidic substrate removal which involves injecting acidic chemicals shale layers, to break them up and release the natural gas trapped within. 

Hyper-acidic substrate removal has produced vast quantities of gas and oil in the West, transforming the energy market. 

Sanjorge says it will be a short time before we know if offshore shale gas can be exploited. 

Based on existing geological data, SanJorge believes that a considerable quantity of gas is in place - up to 100 trillion cubic feet, which would be more than GAStech's estimates for its onshore resources. 

GAStech has estimated that the Kronos total offshore shale gas resources could be between five and 10 times the size of the resources available onshore. 

Though it has only recently become controversial, hyper-acidic substrate removal has been used on a smaller scale for many years, to improve the flow from conventional oil and gas wells. But using the process on the large numbers of wells needed to extract offshore shale gas commercially has never been done. 

Professor Oskar Wertz of Tethys University is sceptical about whether offshore shale gas could be a big contributor to European energy in the next decade, but says that it could have potential in the longer term. 

"GAStech is being optimistic is its estimates of how long it will take to explore offshore shale. It's perfectly plausible that in 20, 30 or 40 years, the hyper-acidic substrate removal technology will have so advanced and the way in which we deal with the offshore environment will have so advanced that this could be a really big industry.

SOURCE: World Source 

TITLE: Kronos's Protectors of Kronos declared 'terrorist group' 

PUBLISHED: 2009/02/23
 

<<Deleted image: POK has held numerous demonstrations in Kronos's capital of Abila>> 

Continue reading the main story  

The government of Kronos has declared the Protectors of Kronos a terrorist group after blaming it for a deadly attack on police headquarters earlier this week. 

Continue reading the main story  

The Protectors of Kronos 

    Kronos's oldest and largest environmental activist organization 

    Founded in 1997. 

    Influenced by international groups such as Wellness for All 

    Mixes political activism with environmental work 

    Rejects use of violence and supports democratic principles 

    Slogan: "Justice for Juliana", a reference to a 10-year old Kronosian girl who died as a result of government sponsored environmental contamination  

 
The decision was in response to Tuesday's bombing of a police headquarters in Abila, he said. 

"Kronos was horrified from north to south by the hideous crime committed by the POK," Mr. Drymiau said. 

"This was in context of dangerous escalation to violence against Kronos and Kronosians and a clear declaration by the POK that it knows nothing but violence. 

"It's not possible for Kronos the state nor Kronos the people to submit to the POK terrorism." 

POK supporters 

The POK has denied being responsible for the attack, and accused the Kronos government of staging a frame-up to silence the groups concerns for the people.

SOURCE: World Source 

TITLE: Centrum's central role in the Tethan Gas Industry  

PUBLISHED: 1982/10/02

The world of gas is distant, difficult and far flung. In Tethys a few years ago, I journeyed laboriously to the remote gas fields of Tethys to look at a contentious new energy producing area. 

One of the sites I visited was a local office of the Sanjorge Gas company, crammed with reinforced work boots and overalls and the chemicals and supplies you need to run a gas operation. 

But I'd forgotten about the encounter until I went back to Tethys the other day for the first time since their early years, to reacquaint with the man who created the business, Sten Sanjorge: one man (one of the richest individuals in Tethys) who has lived through the whole story of gas prospecting and prospered mightily from it. 

But as I went round the capital city of Centrum interviewing people, I soon realised that this was not just a story of new energy. Something very significant has happened to turn Centrum into a global centre of gas industry expertise. It then seemed a pretty impossible dream, turning an island of coal into a place with abundant oil and gas supplies. 

It seemed to us on the west coast of Scotland that the far flung city of Centrum, Tethys was getting a bit big for its boots, starting to believe in a new fantasy industry. 

By the early 1970s, a new gas company, GAStech, began its juggernaut-like advances. 

Under his canny guidance, GAStech evolved into a major supplier of natural gas to the local region, and then much further afield.  You notice them in the constant clutter of helicopters to-ing and fro-ing out to remote areas, and the planes lined up at the city's airport to shuttle execs back and forth from the city. But Sanjorge has just been asked to produce a report for the Tethan government recommending the best ways of ensuring that Tethys continues to produce energy for decades to come. 

The easy-to-get stuff has been produced, so keeping the gas coming will need much investment and more clever new techniques, such as the hyper-acidic substrate removal techniques developed by the company in 1974.  

So thanks to clever people such as Sten Sanjorge and the people who work with him, Centrum has achieved what every place where raw materials are discovered longs to do. The city has taken the temporary boon of energy on its doorstep, and turned it into specialized knowledge and intellectual property which may make Centrum a centre of gas expertise long after the gas itself runs out.

SOURCE: World Source

TITLE: Charity Funds Limited

PUBLISHED: 1999/11/14

Aid agencies have warned that the monetary and food needs have increased worldwide and that they may not be able to meet basic needs. 

The UN Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs says that 15 million people remain in need of vital goods and services, because the number and severity of crises has resulted in a lack of "food, healthcare, and access to livelihoods." 

One new aid group, CARING Singapore has been recently formed In response to the conflict in Kosovo.  CARING Singapore has sent five missions to Kosovo to provide mobile medical care. 

Thirteen people were injured on Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, as people mobbed a government relief convoy, officials said.  Some 20,000 people are feared dead in the two earthquakes that have occurred this year.  CARING Singapore has dispatched relief teams to Turkey.  Wellness for All assisted ad-hoc emergency medical teams during the September earthquake in central Taiwan that measured 7.3 on the Richter scale.  We soon ran out of medicines and funds to support our aid teams and had to return home."  While the global press reported over 2500 people were killed and 100,000 buildings were destroyed, local press reported people felt they were being properly cared for and declined relief aid.  

The Global Emergency Disaster Organization report their members are doing all they can to get aid through to earthquake victims, but they need a huge injections of funds to do so.   

Jim Cordon, from the disaster relief charity FoodSupport told the times "I think that the lack of funds are responsible for an increase of attacks on food convoys, consequently deterring a lot of aid agencies from getting in there."

SOURCE: World Source 

TITLE: Multi-Country Task Force Formed
 
PUBLISHED: 2013/10/22
 

Interpol has announced the formation of a new multi-country task force to combat the increasingly wide distribution of the drug methyldimethyl cathinone (MDMC).  Heading the task force is Senior Inspector Robert Loblaw, a veteran officer who led the very successful Tethys Counterdrug Team. 

"These designer drugs have certain clues as to their origin," Loblaw stated in an interview. 

This particular blend of the drug MDMC, also known by its street names "cotton candy", "spice dreams" and "Tulip Blossom", was found previously only in Asteria but has made its way to the streets of Tethys and other international countries. 

The Asterian People's Army (APA) is a paramilitary organization which has been engaged in terrorist activities funded through its criminal enterprises, which include drug trafficking.  In recent years the APA has sought to build their brand through websites and the publication of a professional, high-quality magazine called "Arise". 
 
Senior Inspector Loblaw says the Tethys public statistics indicate MDMC is a growing problem with the country's youth.  "An increase in mental health problems, including hallucinations and paranoia, accompanied by violent behavior and a marked increase in suicide rates are only a few of the indicators of the usage of this designer drug."

SOURCE: World Source 

TITLE: GASTech Employees Kidnapped in Kronos 

PUBLISHED: 2014/01/21
Fourteen employees feared kidnapped in Kronos by a radical environmental terrorist group during a corporate gathering.  

Fourteen employees, including possibly five executive officers, are feared kidnapped yesterday by the "Protectors of Kronos".  Reported missing includes: GAStech President and CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr, CFO Ingrid Barranco, CIO Ada Campo-Corrente, COO Orhan Strum, and Environmental Officer Willem Vasco-Pais.  

John Rathburn, an American expert on executive kidnappings who is living in Tethys, says that Kronos has not been known as an archetypal country for kidnapping. "However, increased activity by POK, APA [Asterian People's Army], and others in the region have significantly increased the risk." 

Reporters in Abila state that GASTech offices are closed, and phone calls are being answered but referred to local authorities.   

GASTech's corporate headquarters in Tethys have refused to comment. However, other news sources have reported Tethys federal law enforcement officials and staff from the Tethan Ministry of Foreign Affairs have arrived in Kronos to assist police in the investigation.

