SOURCE: World Journal
TITLE: The protests of Kronos burst in violence 

PUBLISHED: 2013/11/13


The journalist Shawn Pastorini says that the "lack of respect" fills of fuel the protests

<< to continue to read the principal history >>	

The demonstrators in Abilia, Kronos put fire at the buildings of government, in another round of faintness in this torn city

Dozen people was wounded in the corruption of government perceived by surplus of protests and the incapacity perceived of the politicians to improve the situation.

To maintain the order the rubber balls and teargas used to alleviate it in capital Abila. Black smoke could be to come seen compound from the presidency in Abila.

<< to continue to read the principal history >>	

Guards of spokesman of Kronos indicated "in Kronos environmental legacies of the negligence and the lack of concern for the means of people this some equal hope for the change more. For this reason, anger had fermented during years, but now it boiled the surplus"

To maintain the order water used to disperse the protesters who threw stones with the building. There were also reports to give the attack to tested office.

"To populate the protest because they suffer, because they do not have the medical aid. We require the government resign," Terek Kamal, a driver of truck, said times.

Faintness started in Abila earlier in week, by protests above the reference of several employees of Kronosian of international giant GAStech energy.  GAStech has its roots in Tethys, although many directors live in Kronos.

This seems to be a case to ferment the destruction boiling more.

The administration is strongly of support of GAStech and its income of taxes to the trunks of government - however seems to be unaware of all the questions the pressure but its own packages with-top-means of wages.

The environmental situation is desperate. The hundreds of rural citizens suffer from the principal diseases apparently caused by exposure to the jets of reject of GAStech, although it was not a justified civil servant or does not recognize by the company or government. 

It is what sparked the initial protests in Abila - but the empathy with their cause brought demonstrators outside in the cities through Kronos.  At the beginning peaceful, those protest are now more and more violent one, and organizes it and the citizens are caught in the formerly mortal interference current.  

President Dorel Kapelou II of Kronos is quoted saying bus it would convene a pressing meeting of higher control to address the "threat of terrorist for peace" in the country.

SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: Profile:  Elian Karel 

PUBLISHED: 2009/06/23


<<deleted the image of Elian Karel speaking with a gathering in Abila>>

The voice of the protest for some, the demagogue of popularist for others, guards of the Chief Elian Karel of Kronos became a gathering martyrdom and point for some; a figure of scorn and rabblerousing for others, and a political concern with the government of Kronosian, in one year filled by event, accentuated by its suspicious death Friday. 

The chief of an environmental group forbearant of activist, Karel had begun a mark of the policy all his clean, which propelled the POK in the projector of this nation of island.

Filled of fuel by a dissatisfaction growing with regard to the awkward government with Kronosian, it started to lead the POK in an organization action-based, instead of one awaiting their government to make the aright things.

By fanning embers of Juliana Vann to make countryside, the 10 year old girl who died of the diseases allotted to the industrial jets of reject of the government-favored company of GASTech in 1998, Karel was stopped and thrown in prison according to a human stopping of road POK-launched in front of registered offices of GAStech in May. Karel died Wednesday while serving time in prison. The government of Kronos refuses the comment on the circumstances of its death.

Rather charismatic, Karel could inspire a crowd and draw attention to the social and political agenda of POK.  It could also tickle the funny bone of its assistances.  Once, after Jr. of Sten Sanjorge of PRESIDENT de GAStech compared the POK with a group of terrorist in an interview of pressure, Karel scoffed, "Sanjorge is a brilliant chief of GAStech. Do you know why it takes a scale with him with the supermarket?  It heard that the prices of foodstuffs in Abila are really high."

However, its capacity to engage in finally the government makes violence of Kronos had never been clear.  It is also not very clear which will take its coat in the POK now that it went. 

 



SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: The race of boat stopped before starting 

PUBLISHED: 2010/03/05


10th Kapalou cup was given to later less than one hour before it was due to the beginning after the capsized presidential ship and is descended.

It is the first incident of its kind in the history of the famous race of boat of the world, in which the yachts of around the Mediterranean coast compete with for the gold cup coveted.

The presidential boat, had by the family of the President running Karel Kapelou II of Kronos, started to take water and slowly disappeared in the sea.

Before an assistance of the hundreds of spectators met in the point of Abila, to be used it as team-member was forced to jump in the life raft and to observe their ship go down until it was almost submerged.

The major part of being used as team-member entered the boats of delivery, whereas others which decided to swim with the shore described it as "cold".

Little time after the presidential ship was appreciably afflicted, a small boat of engine dispatched in the two directions between the boat and to undulate crowd of shore the "guards of Kronos" mark to comprise their white emblem of hand.  It is not known if the group were implied incident of boat, although the group is largely recognized like becoming increasingly violent in their protests against the government.

To be used as team-member refused to blame the captain of the boat, 41 years Petra Hohimae, which knows well about water in addition to littoral of Kronos.

One expects that the race is countermanded although there was no official word. Investigations at the presidential office were not answered.  

It is reported that to be used it as team-member suffers only from the minor damage during their abandonment and avoids the contact of pressure. One expects that the ball of official reception of cup of Kapalou is countermanded this evening, although many honorable and celebrities international remain in the country.  

SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: The perspicacity of an expert: prosperity as foreign PRESIDENT in Kronos 

PUBLISHED: 2014/03/26
January 17, 1995

Hank Fluss is PRESIDENT of GAStech, the principal industry of Kronos during more than 15 years, after its discovery of its immense gas layers close to the town of Elodis.

Fluss, functioned with dozen foreign Presidents during years. However, it has humble beginnings as a gas and oil prospector in Tethys. 

It spoke at times about the features about a chief successful in Kronos and which foreign Presidents can envisage in the market. 

Q: What the foreign Presidents can they wait when they come in Kronos?

A: the economic environment changed since the Eighties. It is much more difficult to succeed today. The foreign Presidents must play in bottom of their hopes. There is no easy victory in Kronos. Competition among Kronosian and foreign companies is hard. It is difficult to gain the hearts and the spirits of the population.

But there is less of difference than people think between the culture of Kronosian and, culture of Tethian of word. The personnel of Kronos function just like hard, they are respectful of their work and have the same desire for success. They can also appreciate the effective communication and a gifted chief.

Which foreign chief must make is to learn how to communicate the "manner of Kronosian" and to take time to include/understand their personnel.

Q: Can you work out?

A: There are many cultural differences while communicating. [To consider] notes. The foreign Presidents are always confused and frustrated when they send a note [with somebody in Kronos] and expect a simple response of yes/No Instead of that they obtain a very long answer which does not answer their initial question.

The people of Kronos do not like to take the responsability. They are frightened to lose their work and do not like to be forced in saying something which they do not want with. The foreign Presidents must take account of this and have to take time to include/understand how to communicate.

Patience is key. Transparency can be an excellent manner of coming to end this. It is a European value which Kronosians are very sensitive to. To impose on a company can transform with the voyage of a foreign President into Kronos an experiment much more pleasant.

Q: What the challenges of force are they a foreign PRESIDENT can they face on the arrival in Kronos?



A: Sometimes in fact the simplest things can be most provocative, like going from A with B in a taxi. To be able to travel around easily is taken for granted and not being able to make thus creates a great direction of the insecurity. In Kronos you are never sure if your driver drops to you to far with the address envisaged. This can seem as a small question but daily it is very tiring.

Another ends up knowing your team and with which you work. Just often foreign of stage of Presidents in addition to plane and in an office completely of the colleagues of Kronos. They do not have any idea which they are, how they work or as they qualified are. This can be muddling. 

The Presidents must take time to speak with their personnel, of the administrators to the drivers of truck and to include/understand their new environment before they test them and control.

Q: Can you give some ends on the way in which a foreign PRESIDENT can prepare?

A: the first thing that I would say is to prepare your family. They can find it difficult to adapt to the new environment of operation. This can affect the personal life. The family and the work of mixture are practical very current here. The people of Kronos work of overtime and socializes with their colleagues. It is very different from Tethys where there is a clear border between work and the family.

The foreign Presidents should also carry out how hard competition is and how much hard work must be put inside to succeed -- often much more than in their countries of origin. The language is a great question.

[But] anyhow much prepare you, the true experiment to work and to live in Kronos will always astonish you.

Q: How much difficult - or easy - is it to be a foreign PRESIDENT in Kronos?

A: Generally, I think that being a PRESIDENT is hard. There is much pressure, the environment is hard and it is difficult to find a balance with your personal life.

When a team of Kronos hears them that a PRESIDENT comes from overseas suppose it is a problem. But, culturally they do not have a question with foreigners. 

Q: Are there situations in which to be a foreign director is really an advantage?

A: This question really depends on the person and how much they invest to understand the country and the culture. If they do not make any effort locate then it is a Net handicap. But in certain negotiations or certain questions such as the goods of luxury, the foreign Presidents can be an advantage. They can bring another point of view, facilitate the process.

Sometimes the foreign PRESIDENT with the best knowledge of an industry and can bring the access to the markets of overseas. This can be a tangible asset.

SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: The police force of Abila breaks upwards rest-in turned violent one with the presidential manor 

PUBLISHED: 2012/06/21

The traffic thundered around the city like fights of Abilians to obtain to work among vandalism and plundering.

As of the access the police force of Tuesday gave the attack in front of the presidential manor and of the capital building, breaking to the top one to rest inside by the guards of Kronos.

Other groups of activist joined the faction of protest in solidarity and a larger gathering was planned for posterior inside the day.

The government of Kronos of conservative employed a law of help to threaten the protesters by the arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The line is the finished environmental questions that the POK holds the government and the giant international person in charge for gas GAStech.

The gatherings had started peacefully, however more destructive activities climbed as crowd became more agitated. 

The signs among the protester claimed the change of government and the social equality.  The images of Juliana Vann, girl the 10 year old who dies of the diseases allotted to the international industrial giant of GAStech been used as gathering points.

People moving to a pro-governmental gather were attacked by defenders of POK, and posterior projectiles were put fire.  

Tuesday was the third birthday of the mysterious death of Elian Karel, a popular chief of the POK which died in prison. 

Later in day, which had been a demonstration mainly peaceful round violent when crowd began with vandalizing the buildings of government and the presidential farm.  

A group of younger protestateurs attacked vehicles, windows sensational.  Minor damage was reported. 

Reinforcements of police force were sent to the sector and blocked roads, and the skirmishes between the police force and the protestes burst. 

The police force was accustomed to the teargas to break to the top undisciplined crowd.  The spokesman of government supplemented the forces of safety for their handling of the "troops of the criminals" disturbing peace.  



SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: Employees of GASTech removed in Kronos


PUBLISHED: 2014/01/21

Fourteen employees have fears removed in Kronos by a radical environmental group of terrorist during a meeting of corporation. 

One fears fourteen employees, probably including five executive leaders, removed yesterday by the "guards of Kronos".  Disappeared paid include: President and PRESIDENT Sten Sanjorge Jr, CFO Ingrid Barranco, CIO Ada Campo-Corrente, Orhan Strum, and environmental leader Willem Vasco-Pais.

The local organizations of news received a note of ransom of the claiming responsibility and to require POK $20 million the company.  They is possible additional requests are received.

Sanjorge and the others disappeared according to a meeting from council to the registered offices from GASTech.  A signal of fire went to far, and the execs the were disappeared little discovered ones from time after that.  The list supplements of all employed unexplained was not released. 

John Rathburn, an American expert in executive kidnappings who lives in Tethys, known as that Kronos was not known like archetypal country for removal. "However, the activity increased by POK, the APA [the popular army of Asterian], and others in the area appreciably increased the risk."

Corresponding times in Abila indicate that offices of GASTech are closed, and of the calls of telephone are answered but of the local authorities concerned.  

The registered offices of corporation of GASTech in Tethys refused to comment on. However, other sources of news brought back to Tethys the federal civils servant of application of law and the personnel of the ministry of Tethan of the Foreign Affairs arrived in Kronos to help the police force in research.







SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: The central role of Centrum in the gas industry of Tethan 

PUBLISHED: 1982/10/04

The world of gas is distant, difficult and vast. In Tethys a few years ago, I travelled laboriously to the remote gas layers of Tethys to look at a new controversial sector of energy production.

One of the sites which I visited was a local office of the gas company of Sanjorge, lined initializations of work and reinforced combinations and the chemicals and the provisioning you must run a gas operation. As I remember it, a former truck-driver was responsible.

It was a sharp example in the way in which a company of exploration once small of Thethys had started to develop in a powerful international force in the industry of energy.

But I had forgotten the meeting until I would have gone again in Tethys the other day for the first time since their first years, with the reacquaint with the man who created the businesses, Sten Sanjorge: a man (one of the richest individuals in Tethys) which lived by the whole history of prospecting gas and thrived strongly of him.

But while I went around the capital city of the interviewing people of Centrum, I realized soon that it was not simply a history of new energy. Something very significant A precisely proves to transform the centrum into total center of expertise of gas industry. Of what is developed in the capital city there are important lessons for other places blessed (and cursed) with the abundant natural resources.

"Centrum developed the expertise of class of the world while working in very difficult environments"

When I was a young journalist in Glasgow at the beginning of the Seventies, great oil precipitations at sea began North at sea. It then seemed a pretty impossible dream, transforming a coal island into place with the abundant gas and oil provisioning.

It seemed with us on the Western coast of Scotland that the vast city of the Centrum, Tethys obtained with a little large for its initializations, starting to believe in new industry of imagination.

Much with the regrets of his/her mother, while waiting, Sten Sanjorge had begun the prospection at the beginning of the Sixties.

With the beginning of the Seventies, a new company of gas, GAStech, began the sound truck-like advances.

Under its careful councils, GAStech was transformed into an important supplier of natural gas to the local area, and then much further with far. It now has employees of thousands and functions in many countries. 

The change of the centrum was substantial.  You note them in the constant basic image of the helicopters to-ing and of fro-ing outside to the areas moved away, and had aligned them with the airport of the city to make the shuttle of the execs in the two directions of the city.

And while you lead around the centrum, almost each round not is financed by a division of GAStech. 

Sanjorge recently started to pay more attention to the activities of leisures and philanthropy, allowing Sten Jr. and Hank Fluss cofounder to direct the company. But Sanjorge was right guest to produce a report for the government of Tethan recommending the best manners of securing than Tethys continuous to produce energy during decades to come.

The substance easy-with-to obtain was produced, thus to keep to come from gas will need many investment and new more intelligent techniques, such as the techniques hyperacides of displacement of substrate developed by the company in 1974. 

Thus mercies with the intelligent people such as Sten Sanjorge and the people who work with him, Centrum carried out what each place where raw materials are discovered wishes ardently to do. The city took the provisional advantage of energy on its threshold, and transformed into specialized knowledge and intellectual property which can return centrum a center of the long gas expertise after the gas itself becomes exhausted.



SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: Four people died in a burning accident of road close to Elodis 

PUBLISHED: 2007/03/20


One nine years - the old boy at the beginning survived the accident and had been stolen at the hospital of the children of Abila, but was declared deceased on the arrival. 

The police force says that they have a driver of 25 year old truck in the guard with the prison of Elodis.

The leaders say a car burst in flames after having run up a truck of GAStech on the road of Calistermi right before 9AM.

A team of identification of victim of disaster of Kronos was sent to examine the wreck.

Auxiliary police chief Adian Koppolis of police force described the scene like "terrifying".

He said nine years - the old boy proved to wander around the site of accidents.

"It is tragic that nobody finally survived.  The roads outside here can be unfair when you are not constantly vigilant while driving," it said.

It noted that the truck passed in the intersection when the car had the right of the manner.  

SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: The guards of Kronos de Kronos declared the "group of terrorist"

PUBLISHED: 2009/02/23

<<Deleted the image: POK held of many demonstrations in the capital of Kronos d' Abila>>

To continue to read the principal history	

The government of Kronos declared the guards of Kronos which a terrorist earlier group after having blamed it of an attack mortal on registered offices of police force this week.

Several of its defenders were stopped in a tightening.

A chief of POK dedicated himself that the protests would continue.

The spokesman Rufus Drymiau of government announced the movement, which will give to the authorities more power to split downwards on the POK.

He said that those which belonged to the group, financed it or supported its activities would face the punishment.

To continue to read the principal history	

Guards of Kronos

    The oldest and larger environmental organization of Kronos of activist

    Founded in 1997.

    Influenced by the international groups such as health for all

    Mix political activism with environmental work

    Use of rejections of the democratic principles of violence and supports

    Slogan: "Justice for Juliana", a reference to 10 years - old maid of Kronosian which died because of the contamination of the environment financed by the government 

The decision was in response to the bombardment of Tuesday of registered offices of police force in Abila, it said.

"Kronos was horrified at north in the south by the dreadful crime committed by the POK," Mr. Drymiau said.

"It was in the context of the dangerous climbing to violence against Kronos and Kronosians and of a clear declaration by the POK which it knows nothing but violence.

"It is not possible in Kronos the state nor with Kronos the people to be subjected to the terrorism of POK."

Kronos would inform Tethys which had signed a treaty 1998 of anti-terrorism of the decision, it was added.

Defenders of POK

The POK denied to be responsible for the attack, and showed the government of Kronos to put in scene brace-towards the top to deaden the preoccupations with groups for the people.

A member of POK said to times that the decision of the government was "illegitimate".

He added: "The protests will continue, certainly."



SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: GAStech 

PUBLISHED: 2013/02/24


It is the largest company in Kronos, the third larger company of gas on planet, and they is years of fifty-three. In the past it had a reputation as corrupted and ambient harmful, but nowadays GAStech, the old businesses of Tethys-only, tries to gain the confidence of the international investors. This belonged to its ambitions to increase its gas of provisioning of profitable businesses apart from Mediterranean area.

It is ascending charge, and there is no certainty but Gastech with the capacity to convince the potential investors whom it repaired its manners, and is not enraciné any more in the eco-hostile past.

Operations of the drain of GAStech are based in Eastern Kronos, and there is close relationship with the government of Kronosian. It is the heart of the businesses of the drain of Kronos, where the gas of the Eastern gas layers is whistled in the west towards the remainder of Kronos, Tethys and Europe.

GAStech makes more than just gas of pump. It created cities and cities to maintain its operations, which it controls and runs almost simple-given.

The chief of GAStech, Sten Sanjorge, Jr, whose photograph fixedly looks at outside calendars and executives of table everywhere in the country, recognizes "state the charges in state", but wire-drawer owing to the fact that the needs for company simply to deal of his workmen and the communities around them.

Naturally, to populate the good reasons of the need to come and work in the areas remotely hostile of Kronosian. They are equipped with medical care, entertainment, and food. The empire of GAStech has 2 thousand cows and 3 thousand pigs in its farms of company, court of the rooms of gymnastics, and offers holidays subsidized in resources of the Black Sea for the principal employees. For executives, it runs a current situation, a medical center marble-striped and of therapy.

In addition to all these advantages, there is also the station of GAStech TV, which does not even pretend to be impartial. It is there to serve the will of the company.

This seems hardly the image of a modern total company, like the majority of those without ceremony emptied their "activities of not-core". There is an argument, however, that the businesses of energy are different from other industries, requiring companies of energy to function in the distinct ways.

By working in the distant places without average precedents infrastructure to oil and the gas sites will be always, to a certain extent, of the towns of company. GAStech tries certainly to ensure its employees can move in and out of these places by actuating a private fleet of four planes to transport out of vat its personnel the enormous distances between the sites.

SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: 2014/03/26
PUBLISHED: October 21, 2013

Interpol announced the formation of a new working group of multi-country to fight the increasingly broad distribution of the cathinone of methyldimethyl of drug (MDMC).  To direct the working group is an elder inspector Robert Loblaw, a leader of veteran who carried out the very successful team of Tethys Counterdrug.  It is optimistic that it can identify the source.

"These drugs of originator have certain indices as for their origin," Loblaw says times in an interview.  "Each time the receipt is changed, it leaves indices as for which made.  It is like a pedigree."

This particular mixture of the drug MDMC, also known by its street calls the "cotton sugar", the "spice dreams" and the "flower of tulip", was found previously only in Asteria but made its manner with the streets of Tethys and other international countries.

"I will look at hard the activities of the popular army of Asterian," Loblaw known as.  "Our preceding investigations moved to them like source of this particular formulation."

The popular army of Asterian (APA) is a paramilitary organization which was committed in activities of terrorist placed by his criminal companies, which include the traffic of drug.  These last years the APA sought to establish their mark by Web sites and the publication of a professional store and high quality called "Arise".

The elder inspector Loblaw says the public statistics of Tethys indicate that MDMC is a problem growing with the youth of the country.  "An increase in the problems of mental health, including the hallucinations and paranoia, accompanied by the violent behavior and an increase marked in the rates of suicide are only some of the indicators of the use of this drug of originator."

"We initially alerted the left civils servant to be on the monitoring for suspicious forwardings of insecticides and cleaning product, the two similar ones in the aspect to MDMC."

SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: Total trunks of charity of drain of disasters



PUBLISHED: 1999/11/15

The new calls fact countryside on the horizon to maintain the liquidity.

The agencies of assistance informed that the monetary needs and for food increased in the whole world and that they can not be able to satisfy the basic needs.

The Office of UNO for the coordination of the humane businesses indicates that 15 million people remain requiring the essential goods and the services, because the number and the severity of crises had like consequence a lack of "food, care of health, and access to the lives."

A new group of assistance, Singapore WORRYING was recently made up in response to the conflict in Kosovo.  Dr. Jayala Mahmed could not find an organization existing to finance it to offer his medical departments there.  Singapore WORRYING sent five missions to Kosovo to provide the mobile medical care.  They also launched an effort of collection of funds in collaboration with the governments of Malaysia.  "We are held ready to help, but it is difficult to find placement," Dr. indicated Mahmed. "Is so necessary but so much was already spent."

Thirteen people were wounded Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, because people attacked a convoy of relief of government, civils servant known as.  One fears completely approximately 20.000 people in the two earthquakes which occurred this year.  Singapore WORRYING dispatched teams of relief in Turkey.

However, of the organizations of assistance are stretched with their limits.  Health for all the medical teams helped of ad hoc help during the earthquake of September in central Taiwan which measured 7.3 on the scale of Richter.  "The answer of the rescue squads was impressive, but not coordinated," stated a health for all the spokesman.  "We were never sure if we were directed to the most desperate places.  We soon missed medicines and funds to support our teams of assistance and had to turn over to the house."  While reported total pressure more than 2500 people were killed and 100.000 buildings were destroyed, the local pressure brought back people judged that they were correctly worried about and helps decreased by relief. 

The report of organization of disaster of help their members do all they can to arrive the assistance at the victims of earthquake, but they need the enormous injections of the funds to make thus.  

There cord of Jim, of FoodSupport charity of relief of disaster says times "me thinks that the lack of funds are responsible for an increase in the attacks on convoys of food, discouraging from consequently many agencies of assistance entering."





SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: The gas and oil industry of Kronos informed that it takes up its "greater challenge in 20 years" of due to the bottom grades of exploration.

PUBLISHED: 2012/02/21

The civils servant of energy of government declared that only 15 wells were drilled last year.

It was in spite of the strong levels of the investment, reaching one year last record and supported this year.

The structural test drilling was in fall of 26 wells six years ago, only sufficiently to recover a fraction of estimated oil and to poison remaining in the countries oil and of the gas layers.

The "fields of Kronos contain an abundance of oil and the gas to be still found and it is critical find us the means of turning the current state of the exploration around" - of the Minister for energy Jules Jecovic.

The annual investigation of activity per Oil and gas Kronos found last year an increase fast in production costs, to the top from 15%.

The average cost to extract a barrel from oil was in rise of 27% in only year, to reach K17.

The number of fields with the cost by barrel above K30 doubled in the last 12 months.

Increasing costs were quoted last week by GAStech, which considers future investments in Norway and North America, rather than the fields of Kronos.

With increasing costs, one expects that payments of taxes of production to the treasure of Kronos fall from K3.5bn during 2011-12 in K2bn per current year.

After the fast decline in the production of oil and gas starting from the fields of Kronos these last years, the rate of fall slowed down during 2012 - to the bottom of barrels of 8% with oil .83m per day, or its equivalents of gas.

To continue to read the principal history	

Fields "of Kronos indicated by Jecovic contain an abundance of oil and the gas to be still found and it is critical find us the means of turning the current state of exploration around. The availability and the access of equipment to the capital are the two remarkable principal barriers by our ministry."



SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: The gas pioneer projects the first wells at sea world at sea Mediterranean 



PUBLISHED: 1984/05/04


<<Deleted the image: Protester of drilling of Anti-offshore oil rig.  Exploration proved a question discussed in Kronos>>

To continue to read the principal history	

The son of the founder of the gas company that GAStech projects a company to drill the Mediterranean sea inside, times learned.

Sten Sanjorge, Jr. believes that there are great volumes of gases at sea which could be extracted.

Sanjorge and GAStech were allotted to three licenses by the government of Kronos last month by the ministry for energy and the development and the hopes to begin exploration soon.

"The gas certainly at sea is not a new concept, but there is no reason with the history of Kronosian of the development at sea which we cannot develop these resources at sea," it said times.

The shale gas is extracted by using the technique discussed from hyperacide displacement from substrate which implies to inject acid layers of shale of chemicals, to break them to the top and to release natural gas imprisoned in inside.

Hyperacidic displacement of substrate produced vast quantities of gas and oil in the Westerner, transforming the market of energy. But the projects in Europe were slow to take off, attacked with the opposition of the government and the local communities.

Sanjorge indicates that it will be in the short run before we know if the gas at sea shale can be exploited.

Many ecologists believe that hyperacidic displacement of substrate can damage the marine environments, and to the extraction new fossile fuel resources are opposed. But drilling at sea avoids the need for difficult negotiations with the councils, the communities and the holder of piece buildings.

Based on existing geological data, SanJorge believes that a considerable quantity of gas is in place - to 100 cubic feet trillion, which would be more than the evaluations of GAStech for its earth resources. There is also the possibility of finding oil.

GAStech estimated that the resources at sea shale gas of total of Kronos could take place between five and 10 moments the size of terrestrial available of resources.

"We are who it resource is there and the numbers are absolutely ginormous," said very comfortable SanJorge. "Is there one that exploitable? It is billion question of the dollar, and GAStech wiling to invest in the answer."

Although it very recently became discussed, hyperacidic displacement of substrate was employed on one on a smaller scale during much of years, to improve the flow of the conventional gas and oil wells. But to employ the process on a great number of wells had to at sea extract gas from schist commercially was never made.

Professor Oskar Wertz of university of Tethys is skeptic approximately if the shale gas at sea could be large contributing to European energy in the following decade, but known as which it could have the longer-term potential.

"GAStech is optimistic is its evaluations of how long it will take to explore the shale at sea. It is perfectly plausible that in 20, 30 or 40 years, technology hyperacidic of displacement of substrate will have thus advanced and the way in which we treat the marine environment will have thus advanced that this could be a really large industry. To give the responsability in 10 years to come is to test these things outside, see whether they function." 

SOURCE: World Journal

TITLE: Hospital of Abila seeing the surge of the users of drug of originator


PUBLISHED: 2013/02/09
The department of help at the hospital general of Abila in Kronos was flooded in last month by people suffering from the medical complications of drugs of originator such as the "cotton sugar" and the synthetic marijuana, a civil servant of hospital known as.

"We had at least two cases dozen in last month," said Alicia Bianca, director of nurse of the department. "We are literally overpowered."

Bianca indicated that it forever considering this level of activity related to the overdoses of drug in seven years when it controlled the department of help and in 20 years it was a nurse.

The authorities in "cotton sugar" by Abila could have been a factor in the 54 years death Ralf trail, of which bruised and naked body was found on February 4 along a road of dead-end. The investigators await reports of toxicology to determine the cause of its death. Everywhere in the city, several deaths were allotted to the "sugar cotton" according to the national center of poison of Kronos.

The patients come in the general from Abila from in all the larger area from city, and they include adults and youths, male and female, and all the levels socio-economic, Bianca known as.

Sgt Antonio Arresta of the department of fire of Abila, a first-responder with the medical calls of help in the city, indicated that its department also saw a transient in the number of people needing treatment for complications for drugs for originator. "We went from calls zero to a handle of calls" in last month," it said.

Bianca and Arresta known as their efforts to treat people is made more difficult because they often do not know anything about drugs originator which were taken.

"You do not know what you obtain when you obtain it," in Bianca known as. "We made act with the patients to enter and out of the order, who are very violent one. They say to us that they had made the cotton sugar or the synthetic marijuana."

Bianca says there is little clinical data on the effects of the cotton sugar, because it is an incipient poison. "There is no study ordered in toxicology," it said. The national center of poison gathers anecdotal reports on overdoses of the hospitals and other suppliers as an element of the efforts to offer the council on the way in which to treat patients.

Drugs of originator are the chemical compounds synthesized to resemble the active substance in often illegal drugs. The cotton sugar imitates a stimulant. The manufacturers frequently change the chemical composition and its name of drug of originator into stage of the stay one in front of the authorities, Biance known as. "It is another manner of selling it," it said.

The cotton sugar refinery of limit, for example, is a nickname of drug and does not have anything to make with the feast of carnival. Drug was sold under the name of "spice dreams" one week and under the name of the "flower of tulip" the next one. 

The government of Kronos placed three of the chemicals used generally in the creation of the cotton sugar on its ordered list of substance, criminaliing their use and possession. Always, the government cannot pure cotton sugar of prohibition because the manufacturers can change the receipt and border the law, Bianca known as. Drugs are sold on line as products "of therapy of sweet herbs" and are available above the meter in stores of sector.

"We still do not know what obtain with the cotton sugar. The chemical composition changes package with the package," Bianca known as.

A factor for the popularity of the cotton sugar is its  cut price, Bianca knowns. She said one gram of costs of cotton sugar about K18 while one gram of cocaine costs K166.

The cotton sugar creates the euphorism, or high, with which is equal or larger than than of cocaine but also causes with an accident which is worse, Bianca known as. Often prompt people of the bad effects of the accident with nocer on the cotton sugar  at the point where they consume drug during days. "They beseech it," it said.

After repeated the use, drug "makes fry" the brain of a person, draining the chemicals which balance its operations. This leads sometimes to the odd behavior and often psychotic who was brought back in the media, such as the case of the naked man in Elodis which was operation found in bottom of the medium of an important road, Bianca known as. "The seizures and the illusions are incredible," it said.

While it is not yet certain which is behind the distribution of this round of drugs of originator, the suspect organized crime of police force continues this great source of income. The popular army of Asterian was traditionally implied traffic of drug in all the area, and them agencies of application examine thoroughly the possible co-operation between the organizations of traffic of drug and the insurgent groups political.





